Yosi Cohen, welcome to Honestly. &gt;&gt; Thank you very much for having me. &gt;&gt; Well, a lot of people on the internet believe that you are my boss because they believe that I am a member of the Mossad, but this is actually the first time that I'm meeting you or at least as far as I know any member of the Mossad. So, I'm very excited to meet you. &gt;&gt; I'm the first one you've ever met, but you know, &gt;&gt; there might be I might have met people. &gt;&gt; There might be others that you know the world. &gt;&gt; First, I want to set the table for people because the Mossad is an agency that is just shrouded in so much conspiracy and propaganda. Simple question, Yosi. What is the MOSAD? &gt;&gt; Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Tim Dylan Show. Uh, a friend of the show, Barry Weiss, did a fascinating interview with a member of the MSAD and she really looked into the process and it was incredibly interesting. So what I want to do now is I wanted to bring someone in to explore an area where I am completely clueless. I mean completely in the dark and I wanted somebody to kind of walk me through uh an area of study that I know nothing about just like Barry did. Uh so I want to thank you for coming Chloe. You work at Dairy Queen. &gt;&gt; That is true. Yes. What is Dairy Queen in your mind? What is it? Because people say that they serve ice cream there and I'm not even I'm not even super sure what that is. &gt;&gt; What's ice cream? &gt;&gt; Yeah. What is ice cream? Like what is it? &gt;&gt; Oh, um it's like a the frozen dessert ice cream. &gt;&gt; A like a little treat. It is. It is a treat. Yeah. &gt;&gt; Uh like a frozen kind of a It's an like an ice. &gt;&gt; It can It's sweet. It's uh It can be soft or hard. It's uh chocolate, vanilla. &gt;&gt; And those are &gt;&gt; those are the flavors. &gt;&gt; Flavors. &gt;&gt; Yeah. &gt;&gt; So there's different flavors of ice cream. &gt;&gt; There's many flavors of ice cream. &gt;&gt; So that So that's something interesting to know too. There's &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah. Now, what is Dairy Queen to ice cream? What do they do? &gt;&gt; Dairy Queen, it's um it's a pretty popular franchise here in America. I'm pretty sure it's global actually. &gt;&gt; So, it's an ice cream store. &gt;&gt; Sure. Yeah, we're we're known for that. Um we also sell like burgers and uh &gt;&gt; So, if I wanted to, I could get ice cream at Dairy Queen. &gt;&gt; Yes. What would be uh some of the ice cream varieties of D? What's a fun thing people like there? &gt;&gt; You know, uh some people just get the vanilla classic. We do something called the Blizzard. &gt;&gt; Now, what is that? &gt;&gt; That I'm surprised you don't A lot of people know about the Blizzard. It's um weard &gt;&gt; upside down. Have you seen that? &gt;&gt; Does it involve candy? There's chopped candies in it, &gt;&gt; right? &gt;&gt; This is ringing a bell to me now. And they go in the ice cream. &gt;&gt; We mix it in. &gt;&gt; You mix the candy and the ice cream. And then I I if I wanted to could buy cuz I wanted to have someone on cuz I don't know what this is. &gt;&gt; This ice cream and candy and the ice cream at this Dairy Queen. What is it? And so many people are curious about it. I don't know anything about it. I've never had it, been near it, gone near it. Don't think I've ever met anyone who's had ice cream or even worked in an ice cream store. So, for someone like you to come in, again, me knowing absolutely nothing about ice cream and having never met a human being who's eaten ice cream or sold it uh or blackmailed anyone with it, for you to come in and just take us through this new strange world is is super cool. Whoa. What do you like about ice cream? What do people like about ice cream? Um, yeah. I mean, I'm just I' I've been working there a long time, but it seems to make people happy. You know, they they come in. &gt;&gt; There's sugar in it. Maybe &gt;&gt; there's a lot of sugar in it. It's not a diet. &gt;&gt; I should try sugar. &gt;&gt; Yeah. In moderation. &gt;&gt; At one time. I want to try it. &gt;&gt; What would it be like to try the sugar? &gt;&gt; It's uh It's good. It's a good experience. I'd feel good. &gt;&gt; Yeah, you would feel good. A lot of people really they come a lot. They get it often. &gt;&gt; I've never even seen it. &gt;&gt; Is that It's really um It's kind of unbelievable. &gt;&gt; I I know so many people think that I like eat ice cream all the time or like talk about it or like a lot of my friends eat it like we eat it together and like we'll get it and eat it in the car. Sometimes I'll eat it by myself or like I've loved it forever and like I was raised to love ice cream and like no matter what I'll always like ice cream even though I know I shouldn't eat it. Uh people think that but really I've never had it and don't even know what it is. &gt;&gt; That's I've I've never met anyone who doesn't know what ice cream is. But um it's pretty You should definitely try it. It's people people enjoy it. &gt;&gt; So you're saying ice cream is a dessert that people have after a meal? &gt;&gt; Yeah, sometimes. Yeah. &gt;&gt; What would it be like, you know, to eat it? What does it feel like? &gt;&gt; Um, I think you would know because you're doing it right now. &gt;&gt; How doing what? You are you are eating ice cream right now? &gt;&gt; How would I know I'm eating ice cream? &gt;&gt; You don't know that you're eating ice cream right now? &gt;&gt; Well, it's secret, right? I mean, that's the whole premise of the whole thing is like you could be eating ice cream and not even know you're eating it. That's the whole point from what I hear. &gt;&gt; I don't understand. &gt;&gt; I'm just saying. &gt;&gt; you ever kill anyone at Derek Queen? I &gt;&gt; some people got to get it. &gt;&gt; I love Cozy Earth. It's one of my favorite things in the world. I'm telling you right now, the epitome of Cozy Earth is that they have nailed comfort with their bamboo joggers. And their everywhere pant next level. I love the joggers. You can wear them anywhere. They're so comfortable. They're breathable. They're light. Yet, you can also wear them anywhere you want to go. Even if it's a fancier thing, they fit into the lifestyle because they're so damn versatile. My friends and family love cozyear. They go, "What are these pants?" I go, "They're the anywhere pant everywhere. Go to cozyear.com and use my code TM for 40% off the best pants, joggers, shirts, everything. And if you get a post, purchase survey, tell them you heard about Cozy Earth right here. Built for real life, made to keep up with yours. Cozy Earth. Cozy Earth. It's Cozy. Put on the pants." Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Tim Dylan show. Everybody's up in arms over Tylenol. If if you want to take it, take it. It's just a recommendation from RFK and Dr. Kennedy and and our president. And you don't if you don't My mother took a lot of pseudafet. My mother was addicted, God love her, to over-the-counter pharmaceuticals. And one of the things in our country that we don't realize is that you can be addicted to over-the-counter pharmaceuticals. Truly, my mother also like Percoet and Vicin and things that were behind the glass, but um it was also a lot of over-the-counter pharmaceuticals that mother got into pseudafat at one time was just kind of an over-thecounter graband go pep in her step. Put a little pep in her step. A lot of people say Trump likes it too, but RFK has now come out and said people are autistic because mothers when they are pregnant take Tylenol, which makes the children autistic. Let's listen uh to this is RFK Jr., the head of the Maha movement, the Make America Healthy Again uh movement, talking about the dangers, the dangers, hidden dangers in taking Tylenol. And here's the way I feel about it, folks. I think you got to do what you want to do out there. I'm a big fan of personal responsibility. If your kid comes out autistic and it's a genius, well then you did the right thing. If it's one of them where it's, you know, and we all know, we all know not all of them are. If your kid's a little Rainman, he can count all the marbles on the floor quickly. It's a fun party trick. Everyone likes it. He's a little quiet, a little off to himself. Fine. But I have friends and they had kids late in life and their children I mean god it's like something out of Lord of the Rings. I'm sorry. It is something out of Lord of the R. It's like an orc. It's just like and and I mean I don't want that. Nobody wants that. So, if you take a lot of Tylenol and your kid comes in and it's making the sounds that usually get made during the Battle of Helms deep, then I don't want it in my home. And I will call it. So, Dr. Kennedy here, he's the guy. He's Tylenol. If you take Tylenol while you're pregnant, your child will come out. It will not be able to wipe itself. It will not be able to speak. It will not be able to go on a date. It will not be able to eat a pizza. It will not be able to do anything. It will just it'll scream like an orc from the battle of Helm's Deep Lord of the Rings where the orcs came from hell and they flew and they screamed loud. Dr. Kennedy do is he a doctor? Maybe not. Who cares? Dr. Kennedy. important findings from our autism work that are vital for parents to know as they make these decisions. &gt;&gt; Correct. &gt;&gt; First, HHS will act on acetime. &gt;&gt; The FDA is responding to clinical and laboratory studies that suggest an potential association between acetime used during pregnancy and adverse neurodedevelopmental outcomes, including later diagnosis for ADHD and autism. Scientists have proposed biological mechanisms linking prenatal acettophen exposure to altered brain development. We have also evaluated the contrary studies that show no association. Today, the FDA will issue a physician's notice about the risk of acetamin during pregnancy and begin the process to initiate a safety label change. &gt;&gt; Yeah, that's all it is, folks. Folks, it's a fake controversy. It's fake. You don't have to. You want to take it, take it. You want to eat it, eat it. Eat it if you want it. Who gives a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] By the way, you want to drink when you're pregnant, drink. I have friends with fetal alcohol syndrome. They have small heads and sunken in eyes, but they've got heart. They have heart. I have friends whose mother couldn't get off the bottle for the first four to five because she didn't know she was pregnant. I think it's cuz she couldn't go through Christmas without a couple of, you know, couple of pops to get warm and toasty. But you know what? I have friends with fetal alcohol syndrome with sunken in eyes and beady little eyes that are sunken deep in their skull and they're tiny and they haven't grown and they're kind of malnourished and gremlin-like and they have heart. They have heart. It doesn't matter. Smoke, Tylenol, low birth weight. Listen, it's it's all it all comes out in the wash. That's what it really is. When you have a kid, it all comes out in the wash. So it doesn't really matter what you do. I have friends, I know people, they've done everything for their child. Everything. I mean, the right school, the right little baby Einstein, that thing. You know, I wish you could bet, for example, wouldn't it be great if Kalshi, the world's greatest betting website, you were able to bet on if they were going uh if the manufacturer of Tylenol would sue Trump because a lot of people are speculating that they will on calry.com. You might be able to do that. But what I was speaking about is like I have friends and they've done everything for their kids. The baby Einstein where they put where they what is it that the baby Mozart they play Yeah. that they play Mozart for the child when it's in uterero. It's in the womb and then the baby's listening to music and you know what the baby's doing now? Uh heroin. Okay, you can do everything you want for your child and then it grows up to be dating a furry and shooting Charlie Kirk. So it you it doesn't necessarily guarantee anything. Take the acetamin or don't smash it, snort it, put it in your ass. I'm telling you it's a lot with these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kids out there. It's a goddamn lotto. Sure, there are things you can do to increase your chances. I know so many families. One kid great, next kid stealing money, stealing money, doing drugs, dating hookers, in jail. The other kid, nice guy, working hard, has a wife, couple of kids, likes golf. You don't know which way it's going to go. So maybe you look at this and you go, "Maybe I'll take a little less Tylenol when I'm pregnant with little little Billy. Maybe give little Billy a shot. Maybe maybe deal with your back pain another way. Get a couple of uh compresses, hot compresses, and give little Billy a shot. You don't want him running around the school like a nut." There was this guy named Charles. We went to school with this little guy and he'd run in like a nut. We were This is true. We're in We're in second grade. My second grade teacher, Mrs. Stray, had an accident because she was thrown off a horse, which is why I don't think people should do that lightly. Get on horses. That's a whole another thing. But she was thrown off the horse and had a spiral. She had a spinal thing and it deeply affected her. But she was, my grandmother loved her and my grandmother was all close with all of these teachers, like a coven of witches, but they loved each other and they were teachers, you know, and my grandmother was an old school teacher, you know? She did the work, you know what I mean? And she wasn't, you know, having sex with the children like the new ones, okay? She wasn't showing up in a furry costume and and filming child porn like the new teachers do. They're in the class filming child pornography. My grandmother was teaching the kids about science. We had a kid named Charles and he was this little guy and he was a little guy with black hair, jet black hair, looked like some kind of animal, like a Tasmanian devil. And we were in second grade and my teacher again was thrown off a horse. He would come and he would we had those little desks you would open and he would come and it was something inside of him. Charles, he had a troubled life. He had a troubled life. There's many people out there with trouble. And he would come in and he would throw everything. He'd open his desk and he'd throw it and he'd go like a beast. Like a beast. And he would throw everything out of his desk and he would scare people and then some people would kind of cheer him on. Eventually we started to ignore him because it was so common place. He would just he would literally come in and go and the teacher would go Charles Charles and and and and go to the principal's office Charles and he was like this little beast and then he he would see what he had done like he'd thrown everything and he was just brooding and angry and then the the principal would come and say Charles they would use his last name Mr. And I saw I saw once the gym teacher grabbed him. He was flipping out and the gym teacher just kind of grabbed him and like bear hugged him to just you know get him get him try to calm him down and and and Charles just was like you could see his face just rage something in him couldn't control he was angry. He was angry is my point. So, what I'm saying here is just hold it down on the Tylenol. Don't go nuts with it. You know what I mean? It's stop with the with the party with these over-thec counter drugs because some of these kids are having real problems out there. They're having real real issues and Charles was an Italian and we uh are we feel bad for him and we want we want him to do well. I don't know where he is now. Probably in in jail or on the streets. That's where a lot of these kids end up now. They're on the street and they become a street person because there's nowhere to go if your if your mother is doped up on Tylenol because it's a respected drug and she's all acetaminophant out. Let's listen. Who's this? What's this going on? &gt;&gt; It's moms on TikTok that are protesting &gt;&gt; and by taking Tylenol and ruin and turn turning their children into Charles. &gt;&gt; 28 weeks pregnant. You know what? I'm going to take some Tylenol to see the menopen. &gt;&gt; Here's how dumb these people are. By the way, by the way, it's not illegal. It's not a protest. What you're doing is nothing. No one cares about you or your child. No one cares about anything. There's a a suggestion maybe that this there's a causal link here and that's it and then they have to flip out. Okay, you don't have don't then don't do it. Then take all the Tylenol you want, but you're taking it you're taking Tylenol when you don't need it. Well, that's stupid. You dumb [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Because it people would like Tylenol in Gaza, don't you think? I think it's a little I think it's a little better reason to take Tylenol than oh I'm mad at the president. I'm taking a protest handful of Tylenol. Oh, I need some Tylenol. My building blew up. That's a bit better reason to have Defense Secretary Pete Hegsath orders rare urgent meeting of hundreds of military generals and admirals on short notice for unstated reason. I'm going to tell you right now, I know what it is. I have contacts at the highest level of government. Pete Hexath, the secretary of war, not defense secretary. He's now the secretary of war. You know the thing that Trump got elected to not have? Well, we've changed one of the departments in our government to the name war, which might make you think we're actually going to get into more of them. Fun. Pete Eggset is calling all of these uh generals and admirals, okay, to a meeting in Quantico. And he's he's he's calling them all together. And I know this high levels of the He's coming out as gay. He's coming out as gay to these people. And he's going to say, "I want you to hear it from me. I'm a homosexual. I'm a gay American." He's going to say what Kevin Spacy said. He's going to say, "I'm a gay American and I hope that doesn't change what you guys think of me." Um, no. He's going to give them some talk about uh the core values of the whatever. What core values? Bombing these Venezuelans that we say are trafficking drugs whether they are or not. We're just like lobbing bombs at Venezuelan fishermen or I mean, what are we what core values? Trump, by the way, just said to Zinsky, you can win all your territory back. Like as a friend of mine said, he's like a devil at the casino going, "Well, you've lost one kid's college education. How about you win it all back?" Trump literally said to Zalinski, "You can win all of the territory back that Russia took." Basically saying, "No [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] peace, all out, total war. Russia's, you know, like their drones are out. They're buzzing the airspace of Denmark and Poland. There's drone sightings. Everybody's real hot right now. Things are getting ready to get ugly and to spill over into a war. Russia has felt rightly or wrongly. By the way, I'm not telling you what what is right or wrong. I'm telling you how they feel. They have felt that they have been in a war with NATO for a while. an unofficial undeclared war. Now it is looking like it is going to spill over into an official declared war. Russia is a formidable country with the largest nuclear arsenal in the world. They're obviously not anywhere near as capable militarily as the United States or China. But when you have a bunch of nukes, you wonder how much that matters. They act as a pretty strong deterrent. If anybody uh breaches the territorial integrity of Russia or threatens Russia's existence as a free nation, I'm not saying Russia's free, but in their minds obviously they're saying that they're saying we're free of foreign control. We're not controlled by China. We're not controlled by the United States. We're going to stay that way. if they feel threatened and that one of those things is some type of possibility, who knows how they'll react. So, Donald Trump, the peaceime president, literally coming out and telling Zalinsky, by the way, you can win all your territory back. Spin the wheel. Get up the commercial for Foxwoods. By the way, this was the commercial that they used to play for boomers on Long Island to get them to go to the great Foxwoods, Connecticut in um uh casino and you'll see me there eventually or Moheaggan Sun, whatever. I don't know what we're doing, but both of those casinos are great. But get up the Foxwoods uh commercial because this is the uh commercial that I guess I think of when Trump is telling Zalinski, "Hey buddy, you might as well pop the cork, spin the wheel, and see if you can win your territory back." Here it is, everybody. This is Donald Trump to Zalinsky in the Ukraine telling him, "Why not? Life is short. Life is sweet. There's bodies all over the Ukraine, by the way. They're scattered. There's limbs everywhere. A young men are dead. Women are dead. Children are dead. Nobody cares. It's an abject amoral situation. Journalists are dead. Everybody's dead. And we are consistently stoking the fires of this. And now Donald Trump again instead of telling Zillinsky we gotta [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] he goes you can actually win it all back. And this is the song that was playing as Donald Trump spoke to Zalinsky. Let's go. of it all. Take a chance, make it happen. Pop the cork, finger snapping, spin the wheel, round and round we go. Life is good, life is sweet. Grab yourself a front row seat and let's meet &gt;&gt; and have a ball. &gt;&gt; Let's fight a war. &gt;&gt; Wonder of it all. Paradise. Lucky. &gt;&gt; You could win it all. &gt;&gt; You can win it all, baby. &gt;&gt; Couple of heads explode. &gt;&gt; Or you could lose your country. Whatever. Spin it. &gt;&gt; Roll the dice, baby. What's it all for? &gt;&gt; For the wonder of it all. Meet me in the Ukraine. &gt;&gt; Well, there you go. Donald Trump being inspired by the great Foxwoods uh commercial basically saying, "Hey, listen folks." Cuz Trump's a gambling man. He's a casino man. He likes to spin the wheel. He likes a roll of the dice. Morgan and Morgan is America's largest personal injury law firm. And you know why? Because they are successful. Their fee is free unless you win. Morgan and Morgan has recovered over $25 billion for over a half a million clients. Morgan and Morgan has a proven track record of fighting to get you full and fair compet compensation. They have over a 100 offices and more than a thousand lawyers nationwide. All firms are not the same, folks. If you're ever injured, you can check out Morgan and Morgan. Their fee is free. Again, unless you win. For more information, go to forthepeople.com/tim or dial poundlaw pound529 from your cell phone. That's fothepeople.com/tim or poundlaw pound529 from your cell. I'm telling you, you won't regret it. This is one of those things where if you're injured in any way, if you need representation in any way, and you want a great law firm to make sure that you are getting full and fair compensation, if you have been wronged, you got to go to Morgan and Morgan. This is a paid advertisement. They're indicting James Comey and probably for pretty good reason because James Comey, there was a lot of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with Comey. You know, the FBI, by the way, we don't we we always think about the CIA because that's the sexy one. But the FBI is one of the most corrupt organizations in the history of this country. And more and more we find out about the FBI, the worse it gets. By the way, how many people did they have at J6? Did we know this? About 275 undercover agents at on at January 6. Were they the people opening the doors to the capital and letting people in? Perhaps 200 I believe 275, right? Am I wrong? &gt;&gt; Yeah. 275 plain closed FBI agents at January 6th. Gretchen Whitmer comes out and goes, "A bunch of white supremacists try to kidnap me. We find out like 12 of the 15 were FBI informants." Okay, the Boston Marathon bombing. We have Tamarind Xernay, Dokar Zernav. One of the witnesses who was friends with both of those guys in the Boston Marathon bombing, the FBI ends up killing during some interrogation at this guy's house. They don't bring him to an FBI field office. I guess they don't pat him down. Apparently, he went and grabbed something and he tried to kill an FBI agent and they killed this guy who knew both Joe Carar Zokar and Tamarind Zernv and and the Boston bombing stinks to high hell that we had a prior relationship with those guys. Here's a fun fact, by the way. Tamarind Xernay, Zokar, I don't know how to pronounce his name. I think it's Zokar Dokar. Zokar their um uncle Roos Lee Jarn married Samantha Fuller Samantha Fuller her I believe her father or grandfather but it doesn't matter but I believe it might have been her father was Graham Fuller who was the CIA the architect of the CIA's middle middle east policy. So it is kind of an odd wacky coincidence that these two terrorists their uncle married into a prominent CIA family. That is at the very least that's a big coincidence. You know what really is a coincidence is if you sit on a Southwest flight next to someone and you're both going to Disney World. not that two terrorists have an uncle who married into a prominent CIA family and then the FBI afterwards starts going, "We have no idea how this happened." And there's so many links between those bombers and the feds that they possibly were recruited by the FBI that maybe they were informants and the the bureau was covering their tracks. The Oklahoma City bombing is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nuts. The FBI is the shadiest organiz. It might be as shady as the CIA or or more shady than the CIA, by the way. And the reason for that is because the FBI is recruiting people in our own country to be informants. They're working with people in our own country. They're working with which the CIA, by the way, supposedly not doing. Now, we know that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but supposedly the CIA's mission is to work outside of the borders of the United States, whereas the FBI is very much working here on US soil and finding some very fun folks. So, the FBI again, 275 plane closed agents in January 6th. Now, James Comey was the head of the FBI. James Comey was the FBI director. Bring that up from when to when just setting up the type of agency that he he ran. So, James Comey was running the FBI. You know, he had that tarmac meeting with with uh you know, you know, I believe it was Bill Clinton. He also where he was admonished for the Hillary email stuff. He was appointed by Obama in 2013. and Trump dismissed him in 2017. When was the Boston Marathon bombing? I don't even remember. Probably a long time ago. April 15, 2013. And now Comey was appointed when? &gt;&gt; September 4th, 2013. &gt;&gt; Okay. So, right after the Boston Marathon bombing, he is appointed. So, he is um he's been around a long time and Donald Trump is getting an indictment. Now, I'm hearing from people. Now, you might not care. You might go, "Tim, we don't care." And maybe I'm wrong, but the people that I that I have as sources are telling me that there are more indictments coming. More indictments are coming. By the way, and this is just something interesting because again, this is, you know, this was done to Trump. He's now going to all of his enemies and he's going to fight them in the courts. And this is what's going to happen. This is what happens when the democratic process breaks down and people move into the courts. And then when the courts fail, that moves into the street and it moves into violence, which nobody wants, but this is just how things degenerate. Um, Michael Rubin, by the way, who's a George Soros acolyte, who's very close with George Soros. Michael Rubin, good friend of the show. Michael Rubin, friend of the show. Michael Rubin today or recently arrested for sex trafficking. Sex trafficking. Rub i Rubin. Sex trafficking. Unfortunately, he was arrested along with his assistant, money manager Howard Rubin. Not Michael Rubin. Not Michael Rubin. Michael Rubin has done nothing wrong. Not a goddamn thing. Not a goddamn thing. I think he had that white party. He had it every year in the Hamptons and everyone behaved and I was never invited. By the way, you know what pisses me off about this Kirk summit? Where is Bill Aman inviting me somewhere? Bill Hampton's time. I mean Billy boy, why don't you bring me over? Why don't you scream at me about Israel? Offer me a couple of shekels. You got Bill Aman and all these goons yelling at Charlie Kirk in the Hamptons. How about you yell at Tim Dylan with a couple of lobster rolls. Maybe I'll see it your way. Bill Aman, call me. I'll head out now. I can be there in two hours. Bill not invited to a goddamn thing. Anywho, did you see Candace Owen? She said this guy wasn't even at the school. I'm not saying that's the case, but she's very interesting and maybe she's right. Money manager Howard Rubin detained in sex trafficking case after fed site hitman threat. Famed money manager Howard Rubin was arrested in Connecticut. Connecticut is idealic, isn't it? The rolling green hills, kind of the white houses, the old Christmas in Connecticut. It's a great movie. It just has this old money Greenwich New Cananan kind of country uh uh uh uh club kind of feel. Anyway, so this guy was abusing women in a sex dungeon um and and and beating them and burning them and kind of whipping them. A judge ordered Ruben detained without bail after prosecutor argues he was a flight risk and that he had discussed hiring a hitman to target women who had filed a civil suit against him. Well, I think he felt like a lot of that these women were un unappreciative. Go up a little bit. Rubin's former personal assistant, Jennifer Powers, was also arrested and charged in the case. Ray Comp had a great line once. He goes, "Is the whole world set up for people to just be pedophiles? Is that the only reason we have a civilization? Is it the only reason we have bridges is so you can drive over them to beat a woman on the other side? Is that the only reason we have anything?" Prosecutors also cited the retired Wall Streeters's alleged prior attempts at witness intimidation and said that the victims in the case are universally afraid of him. Rubin is alleged in a 10-count uh indictment to have participated in sex acts with women in luxury hotels in New York and later rented a two-bedroom penthouse apartment in Manhattan that was converted into a so-called sex dungeon outfitted with bondage, discipline, dominance, submission, and state mascism equipment as well as soundproofing. The equipment allegedly included a device to shock or electrocute women. Prosecutors said um during many such encounters, Ruben engaged in conduct beyond the scope of the women's consent. The former Soros fund management financeier and his ex-personal assistant P4 spent at least 1 million of Reubin's money operating and maintaining the traffic. Isn't it funny to have an assistant and go, I need a device that shocks them. I need a shot collar. There was, remember the fat cat Oscar? My friend Michelle's cat Oscars, this fat gray cat that I kind of made famous and it lived in West Hollywood. Now it lives in Florida, but it had a shock collar on because it used to escape and every time it would escape, it would they would electrocute it, but it didn't care. It was such a beast. It was like a little raccoon. It would get shocked. He would go and then just keep escaping because he liked just being free and in the street. So he just fat ass. He would go over the thing and then he would go and then he would just keep going with his little paws. And so that wasn't even moral really for a cat. Wasn't really good, I don't think. But but these u these women, he's shocking them. He's shocking these women. I'm starting to think and I don't want to jump to conclusions. I don't want to jump to I'm starting to think that some of these people in high areas of finance are start are really a problem and I'm not I'm just saying that I and I'm could be wrong but the shocking of the women and the beating and the the proposed uh murder the murderer the discussions of murdering the woman. these people and by when I say these people don't you know because everyone's going to be like what do you mean by that I mean financial types they are sometimes into uh some wacky sex stuff which is fine as long as you're not um torturing and killing the women. I'm not a moralist. you do whatever you want to do, you know, but when you when when you start uh you know with shocking people and hiring the hitman, it doesn't seem fun anymore. That's not a fetish. It's murder. That's not a fetish. You're trying to kill someone now. You're nut. It's a real nut. That guy's a nut. This guy's got neighbors. And that's exactly what they're saying because that's the way people in Connecticut talk. to go. That guy's a real nut. These women that we used to see coming and going, well, he's tried to kill one of them and the rest of them were terrified because he would shock them and hit them. So, this Howard Rubin guy, I mean, he's he's see this is when you got to admire Jeffrey Epstein, you know. Now, by the way, let's see what Howard Rubin gets. Let's see if Howard Rubin really gets anything. Or if it's one of those like, "Hey, you were wrong, but you're a good man. He's got a family and a business. He shocked a few women and he thought about killing one." But I mean, maybe maybe the judge will just basically go, "Mr. Reuben, who amongst us hasn't set up a sex dungeon in Manhattan? Who amongst us hasn't electrocuted a woman or two? Who amongst us is not hired a hitman? It is not about falling down, sir. It's how you get back up. It is how you get back up. So, I want you to put all this behind you. Time served. Pay some fines. You do a couple of nights in the pokey and then you walk back onto that trading floor, sir, and you hold your head high. You hold your head high because every man dies, but not every man really lives. I think it's going to be something like that. He'll quote the judge will quote Braveheart to him. There's something there's something that tells me the judge the judge is going to quote Braveheart when he sentences him to four days. You're going four days. Time served. Walk him to the jail. He gets it. He gets it. We're making him fly over Rikers. Look down at it. He gets it. He knows he did the wrong thing. His assistant, uh, Powers, Jennifer Powers. Is it Jennifer? I can't. I got to stop using these wrong names. I think it is right. Her his assistant, Jennifer Powers, was arrested at her home in South Lake, Texas, and is scheduled to appear in US District Court from the Northern District of Texas. She was also charged with bank fraud in connection with alleged misrepresentations she made to a bank while financing the mortgage for her and her husband's home. Well, to add insult to injury, they want a substantial bail package for Powers. Um, if convicted of sex trafficking, Reuben and Powers each fact face a maximum possible sentence of life in prison and a mandatory minimum sentence of 15 years in prison. Well, let's see if they're convicted of that. Let's see if they're convicted of that or if maybe they spread a little money around. You're a good man and you made a mistake. I'm a good man. You're a good man. He just walks right out of the court. He's like singing and dancing. I'm a good man. I was led astray. We love you. Reuben was sued in November 2017 by two self-identified Playboy models and another model in Florida who claimed they were beaten, sexually abused, and raped by Reuben in multiple incidents in New York City in 2016. He's a problem. He's a little bit of a problem. This is my uh surmise. This episode is brought to you by Prize Picks. You and I make decisions every day, but on Prize Picks, being right can get you paid. Don't miss any of the excitement this season on Prize Picks, where it's good to be right. The football season is coming up. And I'm telling you right now, you need to start winning. Some examples of wins. Saquan Barkley more or less than one rushing touchdown. Joe Burrow more or less two and a half passing touchdowns. Josh Allen more or less than 270 passing yards. Prize Picks is simple to play. Just pick more or less on two to six player stat projections. If you get your picks right, you could cash in. Price Pix is also the best way to get action on sports in more than 40 states including California, Texas, and Georgia. Price Pix puts their users first, so all withdrawals are fast, safe, and secure. Pric offers Venmo, Apple Pay, Mastercard, and more for quick and easy deposit in your account this football season. Prize Pix also offers injury reboots. Prize Pix is the best place to win cash while watching sports. Join millions of users and sign up today. Download the app today and use code TIM to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code TIM to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. Prize picks. It's good to be right. Ladies and gentlemen, I want to talk about uh one of the great cities in our country that's having problems, Los Angeles. Now, if you remember, the year started with some really, really bad fires in several areas of Los Angeles. Altina by Pasadena, Malibu, and the Pacific Palisades. Now, realtors in Los Angeles have had to really step their game up because people are worried. Is the soil in Malibu safe? Is the water safe? Will our children be able to grow up in an in a healthy environment? So many of the realtors now are are educating people about reconstruction, about uh you know the debris, about elements of the disaster. So I want to play right now. I was very impressed by this. Here is a Los Angeles real estate agent explaining to people. This is, sure, it's an advertisement for a home, but it really is an education about rebuilding, about community, and about public safety. Take it away. [Music] &gt;&gt; Thank you, Thank you, sacred water. Well, that's good because you know what it is? A lot of people are kind of sidest stepping a lot of these bigger questions, but he's he's taking it head on, which I think is very important to have. There's a lot of uncertainty and I think that it's very easy for people to just kind of sidestep, but you have all of that uh in there. It's very important. Our good friends at Palunteer, Peter Teal, and our good friends at Palanteer, Peter Teal, Satan, and many others are looking to expand Palanteer into being a lifestyle brand because what they've realized what well, Peter Teal, by the way, came out recently and said that regulating AI hastens the Antichrist. When Ross Doubted at the New York Times was like, "Hey, don't you think like if people were looking at who would be the Antichrist, it might be you." And he's like, "Actually, it would be Greta Thunderberg." Now, Greta Thunderberg may or may not be annoying, but it is interesting that Peter Teal thinks that uh some chick on a flotilla trying to bring uh rice to Gaza is more likely to be Satan than the guy building autonomous drone armies. But again, I'm not a theologist. Now, Peter Teal, get this up. Palanteer is going to become a lifestyle brand. Peter Thiel has realized that the focus has been for too long on drones and Satan. And I think they probably had a meeting at Palanteer and they said, "Peter, you know, everything with you is facial recognition software and the devil. Why don't you branch out?" So what they're trying to do right now is rebrand Palunteer so that it's kind of like a fun Lululemon. So, it's kind of like, you know, probably involves some wearables. Defense tech giant Palunteer is selling t-shirts and tote bags as part of a bid bid to encourage fans to publicly endorse it. Palunteer is sick of the bad press. They're sick of people pointing out that they're exporting technology all over the world for the purposes of death. They want to change that image. They wanted to be cool. A Palunteer shirt, a tote, a hoodie. The game is merch. Turn Palunteer into a lifestyle. Surveillance is a lifestyle. Mass death is a lifestyle. The big picture. The Denverbased company releases uh new merch online last Thursday as part of a push by leadership to transform it into a lifestyle brand. The launch took place a week before the prototype of Palunteer's new tracking tool created for ICE is expected. Palanteer is um has a new tracking tool that will be used for uh to to track immigrants and just them. By the way, it's a peculiar strategy for a company that's inked billions in defense contracts with the federal government and drawn scrutiny over its escalated role within the Trump administration. Folks, you can't build a digital police state without selling a tote bag. This is how crazy everything's become. Can't you just be evil? Can't anyone just be evil anymore? Can't anything just be evil? You can't. Everybody wants to be applauded for doing the worst things ever. No one can just do them and make lots of money. They also have to be like applauded in the public square and loved. They want to be cool. You did it. You're doing all the things. Your dreams have come true. You're you're identifying and killing people all over the planet with your technology. Your company's doing it. The company you started is identifying targets and helping uh unmanned autonomous drones fire at those targets all over the world. You're surveilling people. You're using facial recognition technology. Isn't it enough that you've made your dreams come true? You've made your dreams come true. Every young kid walking around Stanford wants to do what you've done. put his fellow citizens in a digital cage and then finally eliminate their physical beings. But you did it. Hard work, determination, believing in yourself, you know, the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Gary Vee talks about, betting on yourself, you know, hustle, grind, you did it. You're going to put the country in a digital prison and the people that step out of line are going to get vaporized with your technology. You did it. Sitting in a dorm room as a young guy with a couple of buddies talking about the possibilities of tech. And here we are. Here we are. All of us reduced to a set of facial characteristics. A threat profile. How beautiful. A digital file with all of our health data. A protest we've attended. A police record. public intoxication. Ah, weren't you the wild man? All of it stored by the government. It's beautiful. Why do you need to sell tote bags? Why do you need Why do people have to be happy about their imprisonment? Why must people be This is the thing I hate about the tech people and that I actually feel this is why I got to throw my hat in with the finance guys. Even Mr. Reuben, because at the end of the day, finance people just wanted to take your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] They didn't need you to feel good about them doing it. They didn't need to be applauded for doing it. They just wanted to take the things that you had and and keep them for themselves. But Palanteer can't handle the fact that people have uh soured on them. So, they're constantly trying to like get people interested in their brand by giving lectures on the Antichrist and by doing shirts and tote bags. It's edgy. It's edgy. Ooh, you could piss people off with a Palunteer shirt. Oo, those lib tards at Christmas are going to get mad when you walk in with a Palunteer hat. How's your stock doing? It's pathetic. It's pathetic, by the way. It's pathetic. You're going to be an edge lord with Palunteer. You're going to edge lord with a palunteer shirt, you loser. It's ridiculous. It's insane. See if you can get one threex for me. Have him send it. Ironically, but the point is that Palunteer or Ring involves a partnership where Palanteer provides infrastructure and security for OR's enterprise platform for the DoD rather than a partnership. So, this is a wearable that's coming. They want the wearables. They want the wearables. that is coming. They are building this with Trump, with taxpayer money. They know the dollar's going to crash. They know we're headed into a world war. They know AI is going to be very disruptive to jobs over the next 10 years. They're going to have to quell massive civil unrest. I hate to beat a dead horse here. I don't want to. I don't want to keep saying all this, but it's all true. This is what's happening. And I know this. I hear this from smart people, and so do you. It's not like I know anything you don't. It's just what it is. Everybody knows this. Everyone feels it. We don't only know it, we feel it in our bones that we have to have a we have to renegotiate our relationship with these people. I'm very interested in politicians who want to renegotiate our relationship with these people, our our bill of rights in this new digital age. I'm very interested in politicians want to talk about that left, right, or center. I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I don't care if it's AOC or Marjorie Taylor Green. I don't care who it is. If you're interested in renegotiating American people's ability to opt out of certain things or to be protected digitally. Now, of course, you know, it's going to be tough. It's going to be difficult. But that's what interests me. Those are the issues that interest me. they're going to make gay marriage and abortion look like a joke pretty soon or whatever whatever other cultural issues that people want to fight about trans, you know, bathrooms or whatever it is. This is coming. It's coming very quickly. That's what interests me. The politician who who steps up and goes, I understand the genie's out of the bottle and we can't put AI back in its box, but why are we not thinking about ways to regulate AI? Why are we not thinking about privacy? Why are we not thinking about a a human being's god-given right to live unmolested by extreme surveillance technology? Nobody has any interest in that. In fact, Peter Teal is going, "You're Satan. If you try to stop my product, if you try to limit artificial intelligence, you try to regulate it in any way, you're Satan. You're Satan. We need progress in America. America is about progress. It's about being pro progress. Stop writing on the bullets, folks. You know, this shooting with the ice thing. I don't know. Somebody Somebody wrote on that bullet. I don't even know if that's real thing. What's going on with this? Before I get out of here, you anti- ice. I don't know. That just doesn't feel real. What's going on with this Tyler Robinson? What do we think? What do we think's going on here? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what's happening here. Is this an organized thing? Is something else happening? Is it trifa? I don't even know what that is, but it's my favorite word. I'm going as Halloween is trifa. But Candace says she's got big stuff going. I don't know. Let's see. Let's see what she's uncovered. I'm not doing the investigating. What the hell do I know? Rogan made a point about the gun. Maybe. So, I'm not a marksman. I don't know these things. What I am saying is that there what I do know is geopolitics culture. I know a fair amount about the way these things have happened other places. I'm not an expert in the in the forensics or in the the bullet and the this and the that. I don't know anything about that and I'll never pretend to. What I do know is the way these things have been done other places, other countries including our own. Um you can recognize disinformation. You you've read enough books and you've seen enough stuff. you can start seeing the zone flood the zone with disinfo and weird info and nobody quite knows easily disprovable stuff. You know, after 911 it was like there are no buildings, there was a hologram and you're like what? There were no planes. There were holograms. You start going well no one thinks that. Who are you? Who are you working for? Why are you saying that? Everybody else is making real points and wondering about certain easil, you know, easily answerable questions that can't be answered and then someone will always come out and say something ridiculous and that's disinfo. It's called flooding the zone. Now, I I don't I don't know what info is good and what isn't. That is the point of these campaigns. I just know that Cash Patel is an idiot. Gambachino, I think, is probably a good guy, but he's in over his head. We talked about the FBI, the most corrupt organization in the country. They're one of them. The CIA and the FBI are incredibly corrupt. You will not know what's going on. And the Trump administration is corrupt as well, by the way. I'm not I'm not uh, you know, I'm not removing the label of corruption from that administration, by the way, which is it's quite obvious at this point that they're hiding things. But the FBI's behavior in this case is not making anybody feel good. I know very smart people who don't know what's going on. This is like, no, literally, I get in trouble on this show because I'll tell you, I I just got fired from Saudi Arabia. I don't keep my mouth shut. I care deeply about the show being good and I talk to smart people and I talk to connected people and I talk to people that are high up in certain things. And I'm telling you, people don't know genuinely when the drone thing happened. People didn't know. We think there are. Remember those drones over those Jersey bait? We think there are. Couple of them could be China. We don't know. Remember that. Is there a ship? That's Iranian ship off the coast. People like that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And then somebody said, well, there was actually a ship. The people that I have talked to about this are they truly do not know, which is a little scary. You'd want them to know. Some of the people I'm talking to, you'd want to know. You'd want them to go, I 100% know X or I 100% know why. But they're not saying that. They're saying, "Well, I loved Charlie and I loved his wife and you know, I'm being respectful and I'm and I don't know and I have feelings that are weird and I have suspicions that are odd and and that's coming from very smart people, very connected people, people that are they don't know and are saying we don't know and it's not the vice president. It's nobody in the administration. I'll say that because I don't want to I know the news will pick this up and they'll be like Tim Dylan. It's no one in the administration but it's a right outside of it baby. It's right outside. So people going I don't know. I don't know. Scary thing to hear. Weird thing to hear. Weird thing to hear. You know, make of it what you will. Make of it what you will. They've already fired me from Riot. I hope everyone has fun in Riad. I hope everyone enjoys it. I hope everyone enjoys it. What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do, baby cakes? Daddy will be in Monaceto. It's the only town with dignity left in this goddamn dump of a country. sitting there in a restaurant. Median age 81, 78 to 81, median age, and just a slow, a nice three-hour meal while the sun sets on the eucalyptus trees. And we all walk into Oprah's backyard, and she chooses one of us to ritually sacrifice and cuts our throat from ear to ear, and we bleed onto the soil so that new life will come. At least that's what I hear happens. But I don't really know uh about this correct thing. I'm I'm not commenting because I don't know. I I could easily see it being something more than what they say it is. I could easily see it being more than furries and and Trantifa and you know Frankenstein and you know the Mummy. We're at Halloween now and you know Dracula. Can you get Can you get Is there any way to get a copyright free version of Monster Mash or No Way? &gt;&gt; Is it? &gt;&gt; I mean, it's such a ubiquitous song to me. It feels like Happy Birthday. It feels like they should have one. Oh, interesting. Maybe every time. And by the way, maybe these the right-wing is correct about it being Trantifa. Every time they talk about Trantaifa, I hear this song in my head. every time. They're furries. They're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they're furries. And they're Marxists. And they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And they're fries. &gt;&gt; And they're Marxists. &gt;&gt; This is what I hear. &gt;&gt; And it's just a bunch of like doctors performing an operation on like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] furry. This is what I hear. And it could be that. It could be that, but but or or or could be something else. Could be something else. And there's a lot of people out there that just don't quite have a feeling. Some of them have feelings that are bad about it that it wasn't a set. Well, it clearly was an assassination, but that it was a hit and it wasn't a random Trantifa furry, but we don't know. Keep watching. Uh, well, Candace is going hard. She's really doing the investigative whatever in some and it goes in different places with her. You know what I mean? It we don't know which way it's going to go, but supposedly she got like a big play this. See what she's doing over there. Because a couple of days ago she said Gossamer did it. Get up Gossamer. Hit image. G O SS A M er and hit image a few days ago. And I think she was kind of going left here. Hit image now. Get him up. She said gossamer. She said gossamer did it a couple of days ago. So sure. Now I don't know. But play her video now because she is talking to people. She she seems to care more about this than the FBI. Candace Ellens. &gt;&gt; Okay. I didn't want to leave you guys on a crazy weekend cliffhanger. I needed to get that information out as soon as possible. Obviously, uh you can probably see that I received some information, a communication uh which answered a lot of questions that the public has had about the story or rather the non-story that we are getting from the feds. um the push that uh Tyler Robinson is this lone shooter, which they're uh trying to establish as a fact. Um some of the burning questions that we had, okay, well, if he turned himself in, how did he also not confess? I now have the answers to that. Uh the main point, the reason why this information came to me is because there's a narrative being spun right now by the media that Tyler Robinson is or was suicidal. That is not true. And that's a very scary thing when suddenly they're saying he's suicidal and you know he's in solitary. Um &gt;&gt; right. All right. So Monday she's going to have a lot of it. Her skin always looks insanely good. Not one blemish ever. It's amazing. It's really insane. She's going to have it Monday and we'll go from there. I don't know. I don't know. I I I know a few people that are looking into it but haven't figured anything out. you know, when you have something like this, you really got to do like, you know, actual, you know, generally you got to get people to call you and people to, you know, so I don't I don't know. Um, I don't know what her sources are or who's giving her the info or what the info is, but I do think she was friends with Charlie and she's really taking this very personally and really wants, you know, to to to to leave no stone unturned. I that's my impression truly that she really wants to get some closure there. And uh but again I you know I don't have the um I'm not out there on you know doing that like I forget what they call it gum shoe reporting. Get what do they call this? Gum shoe. There's some type of reporting where it's real investigative journalism where you're knocking on doors and calling people. Gumshoe reporting is a style of investigative journalism that involves in-depth research and detective-like approach. That's exactly what she's doing. Gumshoe reporting. I'm not uh doing that. I'm reacting to what is being reported because I'm writing jokes. I'll see everybody in Columbus. I'll see you in Oklahoma. I'll see you in Colorado. I'll see you in Chicago. I'll see you in San Jose. I'll see you all over the place. I'll see you in uh Arizona. I'll see you in Fort Lauderdale. I'll see you in Salt Lake. We'll see you in Brea. and we'll see you in Houston. All right, timillcomdy.com for tickets to all of those shows. See you soon.