The world isn't the world by accident. Nothing developed the way it did out of happen stance. It has been a takeover for a very long time. People have been sold the idea that freedom is the ultimate thing in life. Most people want communities, families, and security. But we've supplanted. We go freedom. You can have all the jobs or none of the jobs. You can do whatever you want and live wherever you want. You can invest in anything you want. Isn't it great? You can deliver food and you can Uber and have an Only Fans and a blog and a podcast. You could do it all. You're a media Anthony. You are who you've been waiting for. You don't need anybody else. You can go to school online or offline or a brick and mortar, whatever you like. It doesn't matter. You could team up with a bunch of people and start a YouTube channel where you review architecture from old houses that are now abandoned and that crackheads live in because we ship the chocolate factory away. You have all the freedom in the world, but none of the security, none of the benefits. We've given you all the freedom, all the pretend freedom that you wouldn't know what to do with. And it's not designed for you to actually use Donald Trump. Here's the thing, and I'll get in trouble for saying this. I don't know if this will work, but he's not wrong. I don't know if it'll work, but he's not wrong. I passed a chocolate factory the other day and it is silly to think about that kind of America coming back. It's why we started with the newsies and the this and the that. And it is funny and it is silly the idea of people having a job and security. It is silly to think about. It is funny. It is strange. But we've given you freedom and we've taken everything else away. We're a scambased economy. Do I love the Trump crypto [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Absolutely not. Do I love some of his new tech friends? We know how I feel. I'm not going to be the ad nauseium guy that annoys everybody with it. But I'm telling you right now, we're selling you freedom, but we're not really selling you freedom. The word we're selling you is chaos. You're mistaking freedom for chaos. You think that you are free to do anything you want, but you're free to gamble. You're free to hedge your bets. You're free chaos, disorder, confusion. That's what we mean by freedom. a manic attempt to survive. Your spiritual life, your emotional well-being, your mental health, your sexual health, all of these things are suffering because you're scrambling to survive and put money in your bank account. But we've convinced you that that's an actual great state of being. That insanity, that mania is great. We've sold it to you as Americana. We've sold that to you. Now, that is a part of America. A lot of people, myself included, I have an addict brain. I got into comedy. It's worked, but for years it didn't. I started making money at 35. I'm now 40. I've had five years of earning money. I had a 10-year career before that where I didn't earn any money. Didn't earn a lot of money. It was me and Stavros performing at Joe List's uh thing and we loved it. And by the way, it was the most fun in the world. So I I I don't regret any of it. It was actually a lot of fun. There are people that are going to just want to take risks and do crazy things and you know whether they pan out or not. I was very lucky. I was lucky. I was able to do it. I had to I wasn't you know I didn't have to I mean uh I had a good enough health to do it. I mean I'm not a triathlete but I had good enough health to do standup. What I'm saying is that this idea that the stock market runs our lives, that chaos is freedom, and that you have to be in a manic state of reinventing yourself. This entrepreneurship horeshit that has been sold to you as if a business is better than a family. as if an empire is better than truly knowing who you are as a human being. It's essential to sell that to you so that Larry Frink and Black Rockck can steal everything. And that's why they pump all these gurus that tell you how to make money and steal and all this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I'm not against money and I love money. And no one who says they don't love money is uh true. But understand where it comes from. Donald Trump is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the economy up, but he's not wrong. Those two things are both true. I'm sorry for you to hear that. I know a lot of people don't want to hear it. He's he's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it up right now. But he's not wrong. If you were to look at what's happened to the country, if you were to look at the economic and cultural malaise that the working class has felt, something has to be done. Is it realistic to get them all back into factories? I I don't know. I don't plan to be I'm I'm not claiming to be an expert here. But what I'm telling you is at the end at the end of the day, if Larry Frink and Black Rockck are telling you something is good for you, you know, the company that bought all the houses, it's probably not. If they're selling you freedom, but they're giving you instability, they're giving you chaos, they're telling you that the gig economy is great, there Larry Frink comes out and says, "You should invest more money. Don't save it. Invest it. Gamble, give it to me. Give it to us." us and he came out and he said that if he's out there telling you that you're being too cautious or responsible with your money, you know there's a reason for it.