The elephant in the room that, you know, Trump and and Bent are wrestling with is that, you know, we really look like an emerging market economy. I mean, we've got we've got a weak, arguably a weak stock market as our economy slows down. We've got a weak bond market as fewer and fewer people trust our government to do the responsible thing regarding printing money. And we've got enormous and growing deficits in spite of the best efforts of Doge. And so, I think when you look at those three things, that's what happens when you have, you know, a sovereign debt crisis, an emerging market currency. Um, we've also got the dollar. I mean, the thing we haven't mentioned that I think is really important, I'm sure Craig is focused on it as well. We also got the dollar off a lot. The dollar is 109 at the end of the year. It's down to 99 now. That's a big move. 10% in one quarter. And so, if you're, you know, and a lot of the money that was in our market is foreign money. I mean, there's a net I don't know what is it, Greg, $12 trillion of foreign investment in our in our equity markets. And it could be larger than that. But, but but the bottom line is, you know, the equity markets are down. They were down at one point, you know, 10, 15, 20%. they bounce back a bit. Um, but you know, you get a you get a declining market and then you get a weaker dollar and suddenly, you know, these people are losing both ways because when they convert back to their home currency, you know, they've got the say say the market's down 10% and say the dollar's down 10%. Well, that means they they're taking a 20% loss in their own currency. And so, you know, that kind of becomes reflexive where they think, well, gee, should I if that trend continues, do I really want to be in dollar-based assets, you know, in the United States? I think the answer is no. And so, you know, my my great concern, what I'm watching, I mean, I'm watching all these things like a hawk, but the one that's most interesting to me right now is the stock market. You know, can the can the stock market find its feet and start to hang in around here or start to climb? Um, I I think I'm I'm skeptical. You're skeptical? Count me count me as they they broke the glass and the mark the economy is slowing down. The earnings estimates are all going to have to be revised downward. And as they're revised downward, this is a market that was priced perfect perfection. very happy with Trump and I think you know reality is going to be you know it's despite his best efforts Trump is not going to be able to deliver everything promised and as the market comes to realize that it's going to it's going to not like it and the equity market's going to go down when the equity market goes down that makes people poor it slows the economy down further that becomes reflexive I mean to me this is a bubble very much like it was the everything bubble it was very much like the 2020 bubble or and the 28 bubble and the 2000 bubble and when bubbles burst they tend to go back to their base level. And you know, I mean, Husman says we'd have to go down 65%. For, you know, the the stocks, the general stock market to enter the range of quote unquote normal valuations. Well, think about what a 65% decline in the stock market would do to this country. I mean, you know, the top 10% of the country owns 84% of the bonds since told us this or stocks and they also account for 50% of the spending. So, if you tell everybody who's in the in that cohort that their retirement account just got cut in half, guess what? They're not going to buy cars, they're not going to renovate the house, they're not going to travel, they're not going to eat out, they're not going to do all kinds of things. And so, you know, Benton and Trump are thinking to themselves, well, this is okay. I mean, the stock market goes down. Those aren't the guys who voted for us. We, you know, we wanted the middle class. We got them and they voted us in, you know, and I mean, the average guy doesn't own stocks. The average American doesn't own stocks. And so, stock market goes down. That's not a big deal to him. But you know when it becomes a big deal to him when the plant that he works for has less demand. Yeah. And he loses his job. And so, you know, sadly, you know, in trying to fix all this, doing the right things, I mean, this could, you know, this could really turn the politics against these guys in two years and then even worse in four years. Yeah. And that's what I fear. Yeah. Look, we've we've talked about this for for years, right? That we've been, you know, America's been overspending, over consuming. um stock market has been over earning, margins have been too high, the money printing has run rampant, right? And so eventually um we would come back to some sort of reality or one would be imposed on us. And so if you had like maybe a continuation of the the Biden administr, you know, Biden 2.0 or Harris, whatever, we would have just maybe continued along the same path of deficit spending and strong stock market and tech outperformance and US exceptionalism perhaps. Um but eventually we it would lead to a you know such grotesque even more grotesque wealth inequality that the 99% would eventually rise up and you know burn the whole thing down. And so Trump comes in with the idea that well we're not going to we have to we have to do something uh eventually. Let's let's do it now. Let's do it on our own terms where we still have more control over it. But I think they're quickly realizing that this everything bubble as it starts to unravel can unravel really fast because the money printing has been so excessive for so long. And so you've you have all these things going on at once. We've hollowed out the manufacturing trust. We're trying to bring it back. The deficits are out of control. The stock market's overvalued. We've had, you know, the the US equity market capitalization is 65% of global equity market capitalization versus, you know, GDP and the 20%. So we we've we've attracted all this capital. Now it's all going the other way. We've lost we we're we're losing trust with foreigners. So, and once you once you lose the trust, it never it really never comes back. And so, you're going to have this outflow of capital from the US from US assets. Trump's going to try to encourage those companies to invest domestically in plants and equipment, which he'll have some success, right? Hyundai's putting a plant here. Honda's putting a plant here. TMC's putting a plant here. That's right. Yeah. TSM's putting a plant here. Um, but Samsung, but it's harder to get them to to do that when you when you treat their money like Well, and even even saying that they're going to do that, you know, as as you and I know, saying you're going to do a plant here and actually spending the money to have the plant here, it's a multi-year thing. And so, you know, I mean, I I'm accused of being a doomster, but I I got to tell you, the macroeconomic outlook from my point of view is really really bleak. [Music]