Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the CBS Evening News. My name is Tim Dylan. I want to first start by thanking Barry Weiss for giving me the opportunity to sit here with you at the iconic CBS news desk and deliver the news. CBS is a great American institution. I also want to speak directly to people who feel that there may be some changes coming at CBS or that the network isn't going to be recognizable. Nothing could be further from the truth. Here at CBS, we have a journalistic commitment to integrity, giving you both sides or all sides of every issue that matters to you. Barry is committed to delivering fearless, unbiased journalism, and she is incredibly aware of of what a shill you people think she is. But she is not she is not a shill and nor am I. I want to thank the Ellison family. I want to thank Paramount. I want to thank um everybody who invested severely in me and Barry and the whole team at the free press. The investments made were intense. They were severe. And I want to thank everyone who took hundreds of millions, if not billions of dollars to make sure that you are getting fearless, unbiased news coverage from a team that's only agenda is the truth. Our only agenda is the truth. That is the biggest thing that we are trying to do here. We are not trying to come on here and spin and say, "Hey, hey, you anti-semite pigs, eat your slop." We're not trying to say that. We're trying to say the world is very big and there's a lot of people that have a lot of opinions that need to be corrected. And here at CBS News, we are going to devote every waking minute of our day to correcting all of you very nicely. You're barely going to notice it's happening. You're barely going to notice we're there. So for Tim Dylan, and the thing about the beard which makes it so difficult is that it really does I have sensitive skin. It's very hard to speak in this beard. We got this uh what is this? A hidic Jew costume at Spirit Halloween. &gt;&gt; A rabbi. &gt;&gt; This is a rabbi costume at Spirit Halloween. Um to of course, by the way, it's a happy day. It's a great day. We're celebrating this day. It's a national holiday. It's I believe the day that the free press, Barry Weiss's blog, was bought for uh $1 trillion. It is now uh valued at what prochina is valued at. and she will be taking over CBS news. So, our the oldest and most vulnerable members of our society will be getting news directly from Barry Weiss, who's a friend of mine who I like. I tend to like these types. I really do. And uh and I enjoy her and I wish her well and I'm wishing her the best. I know that it seems like we're poking fun here and we are a little bit because let's be honest, CBS is about to just become God only knows. I mean, it's going to be number one, uh, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] TV, so they're all they're going to talk about is gender goblinism, and then they're going to talk about Israel. Most likely, that's what it's going to oscillate. It's going to oscillate between, uh, somebody in the on the girls swim team has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] uh, which is their big issue, and then also, hey, how good of a job is Netanyahu doing? Good or great, what say you? You know, so you're going to have all of those debates, you know, uh how best to kill a Palestinian, how does it is it should it be quick? We don't know. So, you're going to have all of that at uh CBS News. CBS News. Very interesting that the establishment is now, you know, Barry Weiss was somebody who was like way outside the mainstream. She worked at the New York Times and then laughed, right? Because like they went they went super woke and she was like persona non gratada and she then launched her own thing and she's very independent in this in in the sense that she wasn't linked to you know Viacom or or you know AP associated press or any of these these uh conglomerates these big uh media companies. So she started the free press, but she had a lot of backing. She had a lot of financiers come in that backed her very early on with a lot of money that that pumped her up and she created the free press. Again, full disclosure, I've done events with them. They've paid me very well one time and I've done events with them and I I enjoy her and uh I think she's uh charming and smart. I is Barry Weiss interested in a unbiased look at the Middle East. Uh [Music] I don't know. Maybe not. Maybe not. Perhaps not. And I think that maybe that's what's bothering the staffers at CBS because CBS is an old Now you remember who watches CBS. People that watch CBS their entire night is getting from the kitchen to the chair. The entire night of an average viewer of CBS is getting from the kitchen to the chair. They make a plan to get from the kitchen to the chair. They walk into the kitchen. They're in the kitchen. They find some type of food that they believe their system can still handle after all of these years. They eat a little bit of that food and then they migrate. It's migration. It's like it's like a refugee uh you know coming from Cuba to Florida except they're just trying to get to their chair in their living room and then they turn on the CBS evening news. Okay, again the median age of a prime time viewer of CBS is 67.8 almost 68 years old but by the way that's the median. So, we know that there's far older as well. And the people that are watching CBS are elderly people who are they kind of don't know what's going on. Let's be honest. So, I think maybe they're trying to bring in Barry to like make it young and hip. They're trying to like she's going to like jazz it up and make it like younger and hipper and like cooler and whatever. And then also provide the old people the content they want, you know, which is uh uh, you know, predominantly fear-based and misleading. And as long as the content remains uh fear-based and misleading, um, it will be good content and they will eat it up uh, until they go on that final pilgrimage to wherever. But we we congrats to Barry. a great gig. Uh CBS is an old clunker of a car. Nobody who's young respects it. Nobody's getting their news anymore from cable that is under 40. Uh nobody is reading these papers anymore half the time. I read them because I have this dumb show. Uh most people are getting their news directly now from a person who's being bombed. That's who's the news is now. The news is directly from someone who's literally being bombed at the moment. Like there is no more article about the bombing. Someone whose family just got incinerated in a fire is on a phone telling you what happened. Please help me. Help me. So there's not a ton of editorializing to be done now. We're just getting it directly from the horse's mouth. like the people that are being skinned alive in their homes, burnt to death, heads exploding, uh uh in a a kind of a hurricane of fire in an inferno, skin melting, eye sockets out. Those are the people that are now on the phone telling you what your government is funding. Okay. So, that's even I got to get rid of this cuz it's even um it's kind of it's kind of bothering my neck even. And I feel like I feel like with the beard, it feels anti-Semitic. Um but but it's not. It's actually, by the way, here's what's funny about this whole thing. Truly, this is actually funny. It's actually funny. There's nothing less anti-Semitic than this than what I'm doing. stacking two bagels to uh represent the Twin Towers, having manage it twine, and dressing in this costume is actually the least anti-Semitic thing anyone has ever done. So, but and that and that's what's funny about the world is you see it and immediately go, "Oh my god, I bet that's so rat. That's offensive and crazy." But this is the type of thing the free press should be defending, right? We hope the free press is defending this and sharing this clip. We imagine the free press will be sharing this clip. Yes. Yes. Or yes. Laughing at life is easier when you actually feel good. Between processed foods, environmental toxins, and the stress of just existing in today's world, feeling run down has become the norm. But your body wasn't meant to feel this way. Armor colostrum is nature's original superfood. Packed with over 400 bioactive nutrients that fortify gut health, supercharge immunity, fuel stamina, revitalize hair growth, and help you function at your best once again. Because keeping up with the chaos of modern life is a lot more fun when you have the energy to do it. We worked out a special offer for my audience. Receive 30% off your first subscription order. Go to armor.com/tim or enter tim to get 30% off your first subscription order. That's a rm.comtim. That's a rm.comtim. But the news now has gone from like a guy and he'd be sitting at a desk and he'd be a good-looking guy like David Mure. get up the picture of David Mure because he's a hottie and he and he's not purely white. There's something else going on and you kind of imagine him at a bar and he's having a glass of scotch and then a woman walks in maybe like a Katherine Zeta Jones back in the day, not now. I know she's older now. And David Mure is at a bar and he's that type of guy that you imagine nailing like a Hollywood A-lister. He's just a good-looking guy and he has that face that seems like he cares. And then that guy would get on the news and he would go, "The continued conflict in the Middle East has been incredibly deadly and unfortunate." And the people in their houses would go, "Yeah, yeah, well that sucks. That's tough." You know, that's a sad thing. And now, but you're removed. You're kind of removed from it because you don't really know what's going on. And then they'd show like a few they'd show some bombs. There'd be some lights. There'd be some things going on and off. And you'd go, "Yeah, that's bad." And then he'd go, "The terrorism that is being p, you know, like uh the terrorist." And they would say that word a lot. They would be like, "The terrorism and the terror." And then you go, "Right, right, right. Terrorists." Yeah. Got to root them out. Get them. Smoke them out of their hole. Remember all the George W. Bush got to smoke them out of their hole. Get them. Got them good. Get them. Root them out. Bush was the first one after this whole thing happened. He goes, "They're going to have to do some things, not be too nice." George W. Bush came out was like, "Yeah, I I'm no fan of terrorists." And he's like, "They're going to have to go into these places and it's not because it's guerrilla warfare." And listen, some of that is understandable, inevitable. We get it. It is not nice. You know, guerrilla warfare, warfare in cities is not pretty. The Pentagon's planning, by the way, if you read what the Pentagon's planning, they're planning to have it uh here. Uh so, and it's not nice. And they're planning actually to have it here. The Pentagon for many, many years has been looking at what happens when the population just gets a little too excited. Um but you would have a guy like David Mure and he'd be out there and there'd be this filter and you would be understanding what's happening in a geopolitical context, right? A geopolitical context. like you'd be understanding like um that there are uh things that are uh beyond our understanding that can't really be uh you know fleshed out fully here. We're just going to use words that give you the idea that uh it's it's it's uh terrible and unfortunate and it's a prolonged that's one of the prolong it's a prolonged conflict. It's a terrorism and extremism, radical extremism, radical terrorism, extremism, prolonged conflict, conflicts, terrorism, civilians, sadly, death, you know, and all of these things. And it just kind and again, you're 70, you're watching, you're watching the news, you know what I mean? The pills kicking in and you're you're coming back and forth. There's a piece of pie that's lodged in your esophagus that isn't going down. It's breaking down in the lower range of your esophagus. So, you're breathing through the pie and you're going [Applause] and then intermittently David Mure's coming in and explaining Gaza to you. And that's used that was the news. Now the news is your your your daughter comes home because nobody used to care about anything by the way. Kids didn't care about anything ever. No one cared about anything. I was a child. No one really cared. Nobody was in engaged. 16-year-old girls were not screaming about uh colonialism in in 1997. That's not what was going on. But now, how you get the news is your daughter comes in and she's really upset about something she saw on Tik Tok and then she goes, "Look at this." And then she hands you the phone and then you're watching there's a girl on TikTok and she's like standing on a mound of rubble. Okay. And she's going, "My family was burned. They were burned alive. Can you come get me? My family was burned." And and and then you have to explain to your daughter, you got to go, "Honey, there's always people being burned alive in our world." What do you mean, honey? You're so lucky. That's why I tell you to never complain about anything. You're so lucky to get on a bus in our little little, you know, Pacific Northwest suburb with our crisp air and our alpine lakes and you're so lucky to get on a bus and go to a school and have your biggest problem be that Sarah doesn't want to be friends with you anymore. I tell you, friendships, they change. People grow apart and then sometimes they reconnect later on. Remember when we had that talk? You're so lucky that that's your biggest problem because there's many people your age that are being burned alive right now in their homes. They're being burned alive in their homes and they're watching their parents burn. And the thing about uh fire is that you can you scream while you're being burned. Honey, this is something that people don't realize, but actually while you're engulfed in flames, you are still screaming and you can still hear it. And it's a terrible way to die, to be burned alive while you still scream. And that's happening all over the world all the time. And honey, and and why is it happening? Why can't it stop? Why are we funding it? Why don't you care? Hey, hey, calm down. The world is very complicated and very big. It's a big world. The world is very big. And in a big complicated world where there's lots of different people, some of them are going to burn each other Some of them are going to cook each other in pots and there's just not much we can do about it. But what I'd like you to do is is is stop getting so upset about it. And then they go they this is why they had to ban Tik Tok. They don't care about your kids' mental health, by the way. They don't. All they give them is poison little waffle bites. I mean, that's all children are given from the time in this country they're three until they hit puberty, which they're now hitting at like 10, by the way. Like, kids are going through puberty. Women are fully pregnant at 12 years old, smoking sigs on welfare. And and it's because they're eating these little these little waffle these little waffle bites and little pancake crisps and all kinds of weird fruity dinner. And you know what they really are is little [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bites because because it does change, you know, and people become trans from the breakfast cereal. They have uh you know the thing with the you know uh Count Choulcula and then the smacks that frog all of these things. So all so these kids are poisoned with little uh you know French toast uh uh you know hot fudge uh sundae little uh you know they they they'll put like a little like some type of like uh uh little mini cake and then that becomes a cereal like a you know right right common sweeteners may be accelerating puberty in kids yeah whatever it's not a science show I'm not going to go into the whole thing here but my point is that all of these sugars cereals drive your kids insane. They spike their insulin. They crash. And God, and but by the way, anyone who's genuinely trans, you know, we obviously love and support you. Look at me. I'm literally identifying as a rabbi right now. But, you know, I think, you know, there's a lot of like, hey, a little social contagion. I want to be cool, too. Which is fine. Um, and and and and not for every it's more the women that are doing that. The women, the trans women, the dudes who want to be women are I kind of more legit. And then also like some of the women who want to be men are clearly legit. But I just say, "Hey everyone, let's not do the hormones early. Let's just wait a little bit until we're totally sure. Totally certain. And then you do you. I don't care. It doesn't matter." Um, but so, but we don't care about your kids' mental health. We would not feed them the food we do if we cared about their mental health. We never would do that. we wouldn't, you know, the diet of uh everything they get really in this country, the pressure that's put on them. All these kids that have to get into Ivy League schools, some of them kill themselves. There was a school in LA, Harvard Westlake. These kids were under so much pressure to get into top colleges that they I believe they hung themselves or one of them might have shot themselves. I'm just saying how terrible it is, the pressure that is put on children in this country to excel. Now, the opposite of that is my fat, useless parents putting no pressure on me to do anything. Also not good, by the way. Footnote, but I'm just saying we don't care about the kids' health. The reason that we wanted to ban TikTok had nothing to do with bullying and it had nothing to do with mental health. It was the fact that kids were starting to look at the world and go, why is this like this? Why are we why is this happening? Why is everybody getting killed? And then parents had to have these really uncomfortable conversations with their children about the fact that hey, it's just part of the game. It's part of the game. It's part of the game. So then they had to ban Tik Tok, which didn't work, but there they did try and who knows it may soon work. We don't know. But I'm telling you right now, you had two tragic years at LA's most elite private school at Harvard Westlake. Four students, two alumni, and one parent have all taken their own lives. And that's very sad. All right, I don't want to read the article, but I am I'm not lying to you. It's true. And a lot of these people are taking their own lives because they're under pressure to succeed and to excel. And we do that to children, whether it's in sports, whether it's in academics. So, we're not a country that prioritizes anybody's mental health. Nobody's. Not adults. Not adults. not adult. We don't prioritize anybody's mental health. We don't. We never have. We don't. So, anytime somebody goes, "Actually, we got to start thinking about the mental health." There's another agenda. It's easy to see. There's actually another agenda. Does this come across as anti-Semitic with the curls? I'm only wondering with the curls because this is how the costume came at Spirit Halloween. Many people ask me all the time about online businesses and online commerce, e-commerce. Most people ask me about this when they're down on their luck. People that are suffering from food insecurity or houselessness will often ask me about ecommerce and online activity. Can I get a can I run a business online is what many of them will say. And I will tell them absolutely you can. The biggest issue that most online businesses have, okay, is scaling. How do you scale? And I explain this to people. I I go out in the streets to missions to all these different places. And I explain this to people. And ShipStation is the answer because users of ShipStation report scaling three times faster than average, allowing them to reinvest more into their business with the time and money that they are saving. Okay. ShipStation allows you to automate shipping tasks and manage orders in an easytouse dashboard. I'm telling you, I love ShipStation because I've seen friends go from fledgling mom and pop businesses to literally some of the largest companies you'll ever see using ShipStation because they can ship. I have a friend that makes little uh duads and knickknacks for the holidays and ships them to people and people love them because they're made with care. Okay? They're not made in China with communism. They're made by people in America who sit in their homes and make the little little pieces. And maybe it'll be a maybe it'll be an animal on a frozen lake or pond. Or maybe it'll be a a a tree. Whatever it is, maybe it's a little turkey. Gobble gobble. What it is, you These are the little knick-knacks. When you walked in your grandmother's house when you were young and she would have these little knick-knacks, you understood what life was about. Okay. Now everything is cold and modern. It's like a neurologist's office. And you walk into a holiday and it looks like someone's going to tell you you have a tumor because there's nothing in anyone's home. Everything is about finishes. Slate gray, black, satanic stone. Reminds you of Mordor. Okay. It reminds you of the ring. It reminds you of uh of of power. Okay. Um you look at the way these homes are designed and the way these kitchens are designed. And the theme of a lot of these homes is the only god is death. And that is not what we're trying to do here. We want to have an e-commerce business with little knickknacks, little things. You could ship them out. Little fun things, little uh, you know, misery all the penguins face to, you know, having these little ceramic things in a house makes a family mean something. Okay. And my friend has this little business where they'll make something fun and they ship it. And they use Ship Station because it allows them to centralize label printing, order management, tracking, returns, and inventory in one easy to use platform. So you don't have to manage your back office. your back office is being managed for you. It's being automated. It's it's kind of amazing. And then you can can also sell the little things that you do. It's so important to to have these things in your home. People call them clutter. That's what people We had a lot of these anti-lutter shows like that Japanese woman Marie Condo and uh Hoarders where they found the most extreme examples of clutter basically people that had mental problems and they said, "Oh, we should clean them out." And the result of this has been the destruction of culture in America. Little by little, trinket by trinket. Fun little ashtray from Key West gone. Okay. Little snow globe from Vegas gone. We call them clutter, but they're kitschy little knickknacks that used to fill our lives with pride and joy. Okay. Um, and you used to be able to say, "We went on a trip and we got this little ashtray. We got a fun little whatever. We got a mug." Okay. Now you go to Anguila with your friends and the only thing you could say is, "Oh, we got away with that uh girl we murdered. Hey, we murdered a girl and we got away with it because her body went out to sea." Thank god the tides went that way. She didn't wash back up. Okay. But there was one time in this country when you would go and you would drive somewhere in a Winnebago and get fun knickknacks. Okay. You didn't go with your boss to Anguila and your friend and break a woman's neck and then put her in the ocean and then the tides brought her out to sea because it was some type of riptide event. And then her body was eaten by sharks and it didn't wash up on the beach because if it did there would have been DNA tests and they would have called you back there and it would have been a whole big thing. But it wasn't. Okay. But that's not the way it used to be. You used to walk in on Thanksgiving and there'd be a little table in the living room with knick-knacks and trinkets from fun little places and a lot of them were religious. A lot of them were religious. and these little knick-knacks and trinkets and fun little baskets with little robins's eggs and little birds and little animals, little cute little ceramic foxes and maybe a little guy playing a fiddle. That was better, okay, than going to Anguila and committing a murder. You murdered someone on a beach, okay? Whether it was an accident or not, and I don't buy that it was an accident. You did it. You did it. And it'll haunt you. And you see her face every time you close your eyes. You can also automate repetitive or tedious tasks to save time and reduce errors because there are so many errors that uh you make when you are just focusing on the most important part of your business which is the origination of uh leads and the sales. Sales is the engine of any business. Sales and marketing content is king. Marketing is queen. Gary Vanerchuk, Gary Vee, actually. Um, what I'm saying is that there's a revolution happening. A return to clutter, a return to stuff, a return to things, a return to uh momentos, a return to memorabilia. And I think a lot of this is very good and and very positive. And I think that if people don't start embracing things like this, okay, it's going to be a very we're going to live in a very empty clinical hellscape where people are just literally going to islands and murdering people and getting away with it. Okay. Um, upgrade to shipping software that does more than keep up with your business. ShipStation propels it forward. Start your 60-day free trial at shipstation.com and use code timill. and that shipstation.com code Tim Dylan. But my point is this, if we had Tik Tok during the Iraq war, kids would have been going nuts. You, you know, people were flipped out during the Iraq war and they were only watching that heavily edited cable news. We had the internet but it was you weren't get you know there were documentaries made but you weren't getting that live up tothe- minutee live feed of what was going on in the world right now you were confronted with every horror. So there is no more news. Here's my point. This is the point. There's always a point. Actually there is. There's no more news. The news doesn't exist. The news doesn't really exist anymore. Everything is pretty accessible now. You can watch the speeches being given by a lot of the people that are making news. You can watch a war zone on your phone. Does it look like they're avoiding civilian casualties? You know what I mean? All of this is very accessible to you and you can see it and go, "Huh, there is no news." Doesn't really matter what Barry Weiss does with the the CBS. Doesn't really matter. These institutions are done. We are getting it direct from the source. Now, we're getting it directly from the regions of the world that it is happening. That doesn't mean we're not subject to misinformation and AI and eventually deep fakes and all of that. Obviously, we are. But you have more information now, raw information in your hand than you've ever had before. Children that are growing up right now are never going to go back to watching the CBS Evening News. They're never going to go back to watching the CBS Evening News. God bless the Ellison's and Paramount and whoever. It's just a dying brand. It's a dinosaur. The medium is crumbling. They have lost the public. And more importantly, they've lost young people completely because young people are realizing they're being propagandized at a level that older people gladly accepted. It was normal. It was fine. Older people were okay with being propagandized as long as they got a few things out of it. The young people are getting nothing out of it. Wait, you're lying to us and I can't own a house? I can barely have a job. I have to be forced into the gig economy. I get to deliver burritos and I have to listen to this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and I have to pretend that this is all real and I can't afford frozen yogurt with my girlfriend and I have to go along with this horseshit and I have nothing and no money for it. If you're doing something you want to get something out of it. If you were going to delude yourself and believe the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on the news, you have to get a little bit out of it. And what Americans got for many years was a patch of dirt, a little driveway, and a chance. They don't have any of that anymore. We've taken that all away from them. We've pushed them into a gig economy. We've pushed them into the hellscape of rent that goes up every single year. And the propaganda is actually getting worse. It's getting more disconnected from reality, more Orwellian. were asking them to believe crazier and crazier things and taking away the little bit that most people had. People don't want to be billionaires. People want a house, a family, a little retirement plan, some money in the bank if there's an emergency. They want health care. They want some kind of steady job. They want a community with people that share their values. They're getting none of that right now. They're getting none of that. They're getting Chris Jenner's third head. Chris Jenner has a third head. and everybody's excited by them. People will tell you, the people that don't have any of those things will tell you that they like Chris Jenner's new head or they're excited that Taylor Swift, a billionaire, is going to marry Travis Kelce, the man who was birthed by Fizer. And people have to live vicariously now through that. Why are the kids turning on the engines of propaganda? Number one, they're too smart. The technology is there. They know they're being lied to. Here's number two. You're you're taking all of the things away from them that this entire system was supposedly purportedly set up to help them achieve. So, if I'm a member of the ruling class, I'm I'm going, "What are we doing here? What exactly is happening? Uh, we're asking these people to believe this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that Jeffrey Epste is just like a weirdo rich guy. No one else did anything wrong and we don't have any of the files and the videos aren't real. It's actually nothing. Nothing happened. Everything's fine. He never had any relationship with our intelligence agency or another intelligence agency. He had no relationships with anybody. Nobody did anything. He was just a weird rich guy. Don't worry about it. We're asking people to believe all of this stuff and telling them. And the reward for that, the reward for that, okay, is to deliver a Caesar salad to someone. That's the reward. Your job now is to deliver a Caesar salad. Not not that it would have been right to buy the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] anyway, even if you had the things. But I'm just telling you how the country ran for a hundred years. That's what I'm telling you. I'm not saying it was morally correct to go, I'll take the house and the car and you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] kill everybody. I'm telling you that's how it worked. That's how the country ran for ever. You shut your mouth and I don't want to get into that. I don't know. Yeah, it's a government lab. Kids are disappearing. Shut up. Eat your lasagna. Your mother made lasagna. That's the way it worked. Now everybody's uh, you know, I in a broken home trying to get some job as a personal assistant uh, you know, for some woman who who's on her third head. So, you're scrging around your car to find change to get Dell Taco and you're getting a call from a woman who's bandaged up because she has her third head and she's asking you to go to the pharmacy for her and get the injection she needs to inject into her face so that it doesn't fall off. And then you're going on your phone and all you hear is, "Help me. I'm being burned. My family is being burned. Why are you doing this to me? Why are you burning me? Do you see how it's an unsustainable model? Do you see that? Do you understand that? Am I Am I completely You know what's interesting about these Trader Joe's bagels? They look better than you think they would. They actually aren't 911. Not good. I'm an alcoholic unless I would try the wine. Prize picks run your game. Prize picks run your game. Prize Picks. Run your game. This episode is brought to you by Prize Picks. You and I make decisions every day, but on prize picks, being right can get you paid. Don't miss any of the excitement this season on prize picks. When it's good to be right, I mean, the football season's coming up. You got to get ready for the season. And you've got to get your bank account ready for the holidays. How do you do two things at once? Okay, I'll tell you right now. It's going to be so much fun. You got to download the prize picks app. It's a simple way to play. Just pick more or less on two to six player stat projections. Okay. Saquan Barkley more or less than one rushing TDs. Joe Burrow more or less than two and a half passing yards. Josh Allen more or less than 270 passing yards. Folks, it's so easy. Prize picks is also the best way to get action on sports in more than 40 states, including California, Texas, and Georgia. They put their users first, so all withdrawals are fast, safe, and secure. Price offers Venmo, Apple, Pay, Mastercard, and more for quick, and easy deposits into your account this football season. Download the app today and use code TAM to get $50 in lineups after you play your first $5 lineup. That's code TM to get $50 in lineups. After you play your first $5 lineup prize picks, it's good to be right. I just went through a process with trying to help my friend get an apartment. Credit is so important, folks. I'm telling you right now, if you're struggling with credit, use this use this service. Let's be honest, when your credit is not in great shape, it can feel like the whole system is working against you. You could be smart with your money, pay your bills, do everything right, and still get penalized. In fact, drivers with low credit scores end up paying 118% more on full coverage auto insurance than those with excellent credit. But that's where Kickoff comes in. It's a smarter, faster way to start building real credit without the usual headaches. I'm telling you, I discovered Kickoff and it was so good. I recommended it to my friend with credit problems, and he's doing much better now. Users with credit under 600 crew an average of 84 points in their first year with on-time payments. With transparent, affordable plans starting at just $5 a month, no hidden fees and zero interest. Kickoff helps you score big when it all comes to credit. It's simple. You make on-time payments. Credit bureaus see good behavior and your credit can grow fast. It's so affordable and easy and effective. That's what I like about it. It's affordable, easy, and effective. Many things are just affordable and easy and not effective. Some things are effective and easy but not affordable. Some things are affordable and effective but not easy. Some things are effective, affordable, and easy, but they support international terrorist organizations. So, when it's affordable, easy, and uh you know, it's good. Start building credit with Kickoff today and you can get your first month for as little as $1, that's 80% off the normal price. You go to getoff.comtim today. geki koff.comtim. Can Okay. Must sign up via getkickoff.com to activate offer. Offer applies to new kickoff. Customers first month only. Subject to approval. Offer subject to change. Average first year credit score impacted plus 84 points. Vantage score three between January 2023 and January 2024. For kickoff credit account users who started with a score below 600 who paid on time and who had no delinquencies or collections added to their credit profile during the period. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Individual results may vary. But my point is this and again nothing about this suggests cultural insensitivity. I hope it doesn't. It's a costume sold. It's I was trying to get a Shrimal actually. I was trying to get a Shrimal and I called very connected people very high up and unfortunately because it's Saturday and it's what do they call it? Shabbat. I couldn't get a Shrimal. So I'm in my car and we pulled over. I was with a friend of mine and then we're going through this very uh orthodox area of Los Angeles and um yes, go go make it big. That's how I was going to show up here. That's exactly what I was going to do, but we couldn't. So, we had to go to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Spirit Halloween. You'd think I'd be past this in my career, but I'm not. And I'm making an important point about the global nature of whatever. Here's the point. We're in my car. We're driving through a Los Angeles, a very orthodox area, and there was what were they 15 or 16? Yeah. There was a bunch of kids running around uh in the garb. So, we pull over the the rolly and I said, and it's Jewish kids, so you know, obviously it's weird to just talk to random children, right? It's odd. Obviously, not for everyone in our country. Okay. Um but we we I I say, "Come here." I call them over. And I I called them over and I said, 'Hey, what's up? Uh, can I ask you a question? They go, "Yeah." I go, "The hat, the Shrimal. Uh, could I get one?" And they go, "Hey, man." They go, "We're not that sect." They go, "Are you Jewish?" I go, "No, but my car is." And they laughed. It got a laugh. And then I said, "I'm a comedian." And and I I want a Shrimal for something I'm doing. They go, "What's your name?" And I go, "Tim Dylan." He goes, "My mom listens to you." And I said, "Thank you. Thank you for the support from all the communities." And uh and then we joked around a little bit with them, but then and they were explaining to us that the Shrimal is a whole different thing and it's a lot of money. One of the kids goes, "It's expensive." And I was like, "We got it." But beautiful uh interaction there. And I I believe that I actually believe in all of the cultures getting together. I really do. Um but what I what I'm what I'm what I'm saying here is that can get this out of here now, please. I'm just staring at this picture, the Shrimal, but I do love the hat. Uh, but we tried to do better than this, but it at the end of the day, we had to go to Spirit Halloween and Bevmo and um get this little set. But what my my point here, if there is a point, and there always is a point, is that I'm excited to see what Barry does with uh CBS. I really am. I I'm I'm excited. I I I I'm excited to see what it what it is. I'm happy about it. Uh I I hopefully I will be considered to be a uh correspondent. I think I have the look for it. Uh and I I'm very bullish on the future of at least the next 6 months to a year of whatever train wreck that will be because down the road it's all the kids are off. They're turning it off. All of these people think they can wrestle uh younger people back to these platforms and back to the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's not going to happen. It's certainly not going to happen when none of them uh you know could afford bottled water. Uh it's certainly not going to happen. You you can't impoverish and emiserate and sink a bunch of people into debt and then say and hey and we got a bunch of fairy tales for you all to believe now. And now it's story time. Hey, you're all broke. You're all broke and have nothing. Now it's story time. Now we're going to tell you how it all works. Jeffrey Epstein was a magical magician that lived in a castle. Like you you can't have people running around chomping out aderall, staying up till 3 in the morning writing a dissertation on god knows what to get a meaningless degree that they have shoved all of their hopes and dreams into that's going to result in nothing. They're in mountains of debt. They're living in a little complex and they're spending way too much of their money on rent, car insurance. They have no health care. They hope to God nothing happens to them. They're going to urgent care. They're buying Zpacks off the street. And then they're trying to date each other, trying to find someone to love and to commit to and have a family with. It's all very difficult. It's all incredibly difficult. all the while being told they're special and unique geniuses and this entire period of their life is going to be very valuable to them when they're incredibly successful. They can turn around and talk about how the hard times built character. Um, it's the motherload, as Cam Harris, our friend would say, the motherload of bad ideas, uh, to tell a bunch of people that they should spend most of their life being delusional psychopaths, hoping, uh, that things uh, work out. And I think people are waking up a little bit and going, that doesn't really make sense anymore. And I think some of the stories you're telling me are also responsible for why I'm in the position I'm in. People are kind of waking up to that. They're going, I think the Epstein thing is a lie, but I also think the like that I'm going to be okay is a lie. And if I work hard and I'm honest is a lie. And if I obey the rules is a lie. And if I'm respectful of other people, it's a lie. And if I don't call things out that are blatantly obvious to everyone, it's a lie. I think all of the lies are actually enforcing all of the other lies and I don't want to believe any of them and it's radicalizing quite a few people. Not me. Look at me. I'm fine. But most people out there having real problems with radicalization. I'm seeing this younger people to the far left, to the far right, you know, and even worse to Taylor Swift. That's even more disturbing. I mean, I've spoken anarchco communists and Nazis, and there is nothing more disturbing than talking to someone who's really, really, really into Taylor Swift. There's something very disturbing about that. At least there's a historical precedent for being a Stalinist or a Nazi. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Taylor Swift [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is absurd. It's extreme, and there's no way to contextualize it in a way that makes me makes me hopeful at all for the future. Nazis eventually lose. So do communists historically. Um but these Swifties I don't know. I don't know that they will lose. The breed of normie that they represent I feel is going to do a tremendous amount of damage and already is to our society. this breed of white Converse shoewearing Austin City limits going uh uh idiot that runs around eating caviar and following influencers and believing that life is about going on vacations. These people are going to destroy civilization at a faster pace than any of the political radicals in my estimation. In my estimation, you know, everybody loves Helix mattresses. When people come and stay with me, they go, "Why are these mattresses so good?" And I go, "Helix?" They go, "Really?" I go, "Yeah, they ship them right to your door and they're the best mattresses in the world." There's nothing worse than mattress shopping. All those people that work in those stores are creeps. They're watching you lay down. Something wrong with them. Helix is amazing. You could take a short quiz to find out what kind of sleeper you are. Are you a side sleeper, a back sleeper? Do you sleep on your stomach? Are you a hot sleeper? What ails you? Sleep is so important. All the new studies coming out are saying people that don't sleep are going cuckoo. And you don't want to be that. You don't want to be a a cuckoo. You want to be a person who sleeps, a nice deep sleep, mountain air, salt air for the sea. And you sleep in a nice slumber. And you dream and you have dreams about walking in the meadow and it's nice. And if you don't have a nice mattress, that's not what happens. You wake up constantly. You're tossing. You're turning. You're kind of insane. If you don't really sleep, you're technically kind of drunk. You're not getting enough oxygen to your brain. You're wandering around. You're angry. You lash out at people sometimes violently. You are a danger to yourself and others. You're putting yourself in a bad position with friends and family. Uh some people may get in car accidents. They may be performing tasks with heavy machinery and injure themsel. They could be driving a boat and not realize they're not in enough water and actually end up uh on kind of a sandbar. All of this can happen if you're not properly rested. Helix is here for your sleep. You can sleep easy no matter what you did on Helix. You may have killed someone in a car accident and gotten away with it. But with a Helix mattress, you sleep soundly all night. No problems. Waking up maybe once to use the restroom, look at yourself in the mirror and go, I can do this. I can do it. I'll just get up tomorrow like nothing happened. If you've killed someone in a car accident but got away with it in a hit and run, you need a mattress that is a good sleeper. Helix.comtimd helix.comtimd. If you've done a horrible thing and you need to sleep it off, helix timdillancy.com for any of your live needs. We're on the road this fall and then uh this winter we'll be in uh other places, but we're getting the hour together in some of the best clubs in America and then moving on to theaters. But you can see me uh in Columbus, Ohio. You could see me uh in Riad, Saudi Arabia or Abu Dhabi. You could see me in Oklahoma City. In Phoenix, Arizona, in Fort Lauderdale, in Chicago, in San Jose, uh in Salt Lake City, you could see me uh in Chicago. I think I said um you can see me as well in Orange County, California in Brandon. You can see me in Colorado. Tim Dylan comedy and Houston timillcomdy.com. That'll take us through January. That is uh the rub. Much success to Barry Weiss. Much success masle mausle. And we are uh very excited and hopefully will be chosen as a correspondent for the reinvention of CBS. uh uh news and and you know what this means with Barry taking over CBS uh the last two words that oxygenarians are going to say before they collapse into cardiac arrest on their couch is human shields. They're going to go they use them as human shields. What are they supposed to do?