Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Tim Dylan Show. Thank you guys so much for watching the special on Netflix. I'm your mother. We are, as of the recording of this show, number eight right now on Netflix behind Love on the Spectrum. That is a feel-good show. Everybody wants all different types of people to find love. And I almost feel like because RFK, friend of the show, made some pointed comments about our autistic brothers and sisters whom we love, appreciate, and cherish. And he said that autism destroys families and children and none of them will use a toilet. And I don't think he meant it to come off the way he did. I know many autistic people who use toilets and that's nice. But I think that the Love on the Spectrum show, it's like people are there's a moment of defiance people are having watching Love on the Spectrum going, "We're going to watch it." Okay? Because they're going to the Netflix top 10. You have Black Mirror, which is completely falling apart. This is what people do in their house. They go to the Netflix top 10. They go, "What is this?" The Netflix top 10 is always relatively the same. It is a romcom. It is a true crime. It is a show from like Norway or one of this the countries about like Norse mythology or something. It's like some fun fantasy show. Um and then you have a popular reality show, A Love is Blind, The Circle, Love on the Spectrum. Then you maybe have a comedian, okay? And then you have a a show like a Young Sheldon, a network show that Netflix purchased. And these are the choices. And people are like, "Hey man, what are we going to do here? What are we going to watch?" And I think there are people right now because again they're sensitive about maybe some of the comments that were made about the autistic community and all of RFK is trying to say is let's figure out why this is happening. Not like I don't think he's saying like hey if someone's autistic let's put him in the shed. That's not what's happening. I don't I'm not getting that. That's not what I'm getting. But there are people that feel like the tenor of his comments are if someone's autistic, let's take them out woods. That's not what's hap that's not what I'm getting from it. I'm getting he wants to figure out what's going on. But I think a lot of people are going this Love on the Spectrum show is actually a beautiful show because we're seeing we're this is the way we support that beautiful community and I have no problem. I'm just saying let's also watch my thing because people are enjoying it and let's try to move it up the ranks here. That's all I'm saying. I think some of RFK's comments, they landed sometimes a comment can land wrong when he went on that whole thing where he's like, "Autism destroys our most precious resource. Our children, these children will never go on a date. They will never use a toilet on their own. They will never go sledding down a hill. They will never have a goldfish. They will never pet a dog in a way that doesn't make you nervous. They will never swing from a tree while sitting on a rope. They will never fly a plane and crash in the Atlantic Ocean. They will never get addicted to heroin. They will never be assassinated by the Central Intelligence Agency. One of the hardest things about growing up with severe autism is you will not be assassinated by the Central Intelligence Agency. Watch the special. It's actually nice. And now I I want to text you this because by the way, this guy that they sent to El Salvador. Now I don't They're saying it was a mistake. I don't know what's going on here. I'm just going to tell you this guy is d was dressed exactly like me. Take a look at this. I just texted you a photo. I want you to bring this photo up and I want you to bring the f the uh where I was with Megan Kelly and I want you to tell this guy his name is Kilmar. Is that the best name to have? No, I mean literally Kilmar. Kilmar Abrego Garcia. He was deported to El Salvador from Maryland after he was accused of being a member of MS13. And this is part of the Trump administration's new initiative to get rid of illegal gang members. However, a lot of people are saying this guy wasn't a gang member and they're sending all of these people to this is Salv this prison in El Salvador run by Boulli who has you know built this like supermax prison that a lot of human rights groups don't love and he took all these MS-13 gangsters and he put them in it and this guy was shipped to that prison. And he look I mean he's dressing exactly like me. This guy if you pull up this photo I just saying this is the craziest thing. What is going on? This guy now get me on Megan Kelly. This guy he's visiting with a senator. A senator from Maryland went down there to go see him. this prison in I mean what is h that is the same drip literally now go back to him now me again now him he's in better shape because that prison they get you into better shape now he had a tattoo. Now, supposedly he's saying his tattoo was autism awareness. Look this up. But other people thought, and by other people I mean like ice. They thought it was an MS13, too. I mean a MS-13 tattoo. A tattoo. So, this guy apparently has an autism awareness tattoo. what people are saying. And I don't know, maybe that's true. I will say at the risk it does seem odd that he had an autism awareness tattoo. That's all. I'm not saying that it's completely impossible. It's very possible. Is this his tattoo? Yeah, that's it's a that's a lion. That's just a lion. We didn't deport him for having a lion, right? Supposedly, his tattoo is indicative of the fact that he was a member of the MS13 gang. Is that it? Oh, it's an image on his left hand. see about the autism awareness thing because that's what people are claiming that he has. They're saying that he's got like he cares a lot about autism. It's not MS-13. And maybe that's correct. I don't know. Asylum seeker sent to Salvador and mega prison over autism awareness tattoo. family says, "Oh, this is maybe another guy. This is another guy. Oh, this is a Venezuelan migrant who was living in Texas and he was sent to El Salvador because of an autism awareness. Let show him cuz he had an autistic brother so he got an autism awareness tattoo." Does that seem I'm asking I don't want I I don't want to start any problems. Is that it? Yeah. Okay. Okay. What is the gang that that looks like? Like I'm asking like what is the gang? What is the Is there a gang that has that like gay symbol? What gang did they think he was in? The trend to Aagua. I think they That's the uh Yeah, that's the Venezuelan gang that there's a lot of them in New York or was. He said, "But I have my asylum. I have the asylum papers here with me." And the people said, "No, you're going to jail because you have a tattoo." So, was that the only evidence? Here's the thing. Obviously, most people are for deporting violent criminals. Obviously, some people aren't. They're insane, right? They just don't care. His friends and family said he was told by immigration authorities that the tattoo was proof he belonged to the Venezuelan gang, Trendiagua. Can you get up a Trendi Aua tattoo and let's compare it because maybe they're similar? I don't know. They don't look similar. They're trying to get rid of gang members and it's hard because they got to go through all their tattoos. They got to go through the tattoos of people here illegally and and and it's not easy. And unfortunately, I think people are getting deported because they have a tattoo, but it's not a gang tattoo. This is all pretty sloppy. We all want violent criminals. Yeah. None of them have a None of those guys have a a rainbow ribbon tattoo. That doesn't even look like a dangerous tattoo. Get that guy's tattoo up again. That doesn't even look That guy. I feel like that's is that if that's a gang, you want that gang here. That looks like a gang that goes and like helps kids with cancer. That doesn't seem like a dangerous gang. That seems like they clean up the street or something. Now, I don't know. Maybe that is a gang, but it's I mean, you want to rethink the ink if that's a gang. So I think now obviously these gentlemen not we don't need them. They should go. A lot of them should go. The trend AWA has got to go. MS-13 has to go. But they sent a gay hair stylist somewhere. That's not good. He He wasn't in a gang. This guy wasn't in a gang. This other guy smacked his wife around. The guy from Maryland. This guy Kilmore Abrego Garcia. But Abrego Garcia was, I think, talking to MS-13 gang members. Go to an article about Garcia because he was picked up. There there were informants that said he was an MSRT. And maybe that isn't true. Maybe they're lying about it. His wife filed a protective order against him in 2021, but now she came out and said, "Hey, he's a pretty good guy." Okay, this is like every woman who's ever filed a protective order. But I'm not saying, by the way, that he should be condemned for a protective order. I'm just saying she did accuse him of of violence. She did accuse him of attacking her. And other people have claimed that he was in MS-13. I don't know what his job was. Like I the real story Kilmar Abbrego Garcia is an MS-13 gang member with a history of violence. So this is from Homeland Security. So, I don't know if you want to believe this or not. Make this bigger. You take this with a grain of salt. I'm not endorsing this. This is what people are saying. When he was arrested, he was found with rolls of cash and drugs. He was arrested with two other members of MS-13. Now, by the way, whether this guy is guilty or not, I do think there is a problem sending people to a Venice to a El Salvadoran prison without any due process. I get it. Um, I think that is opens the door to a big problem. But this particular dude, I don't know. I don't know if he might be he might not be the poster boy for this, you know, like he might not be the guy to defend, but I don't know. But you got to defend the principle, right? I think the principle is but what do you do? Here's the thing. If you have violent gang members that come to the country and you catch them, there's got to be some due process. That's what America's based on. But I don't think you have to keep them here and keep them in taxpayer funded jails. Like you can deport them. I don't know if you necessarily send them to some prison in El Salvador. So they're saying when this guy was arrested, he was wearing a sweatshirt with rolls of money covering the ears, mouth, and eyes of presidents on various currency denominations. This is known as an MS-13 gang se symbol of see no evil, hear no evil, say no evil. Two judges found that he was a member of MS-13. That finding has not been disturbed. Intelligence reports found that he was involved in human trafficking. Here is an illegal alien from El Salvador. The subject freely admitted being citizen and national of El Salvador by birth and that they were present in the United States. legally the subject were not in possession of any immigration documents that would allow them to be in or remain in the United States legally. He claimed fear of being returned to El Salvador because he would be persecuted by MS13's rival gang Barriio 18. Jennifer Vasquez Garcia's wife petitioned for an order of protection against him. She claimed he punched her, scratched her, ripped off her shirt, and bruised her. They include the protective order. But she did come out and say, "Listen, I took out a protective order cuz I was in a previous relationship with someone who was abusive and I was just trying to be careful." Um, get her up. She does talk about this case. She is unhappy that he was sent away. If you're running a business, you know that every time you miss a call, you're leaving money on the table. When every conversation matters with a customer, you need a phone system that keeps you up and keeps you connected. You got to stay connected. You need open phone. I have friends, whether they're in real estate, they're plumbers or electricians, they're in a customer service position where they need they need to service a customer base and they need to grow it. Every missed call is money that you're not getting. In today's fast-moving world, your team needs to stay connected to your customers without missed messages, communication silos, or slow phone systems. A flexible and efficient business phone system isn't just nice to have. It's essential to succeed. Enter Open Phone. It's the number one business phone system that streamlines and scales your customer communications. It works through an app on your phone or computer, so no more carrying two phones or using a landline. With Open Phone, your team can share one number and collaborate on customer calls and texts like a shared inbox. Even better, Open Phone is offering my listeners 20% off your first six months at openphone.com/tim. That's openphone.com. o pen ph.comim. And if you have existing numbers with another service, open phone will port them over at no extra charge. Open phone, no miss calls, no missed customers. When when something like this happens and you have a guy who has a very questionable, you know, history and there's a very good chance that he was involved in some type of, let's say, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I do think that it is important to cross your tees and dot your eyes and make sure you have a solid case against him so that you don't turn him into a folk hero if he not need not be one. You know, like the other guy with the tattoo I totally get. He's got a tattoo for his autistic brother and they're like, "Bro, you're in the gang." What if he's in the gang? What if his autistic brother runs the gang? Like, we don't know what's No one knows what's going on. Let's watch this woman. This is the wife of Kilar Abrego Garcia, who was deported to Central America from Maryland after being accused of being in uh MS-13. Here is his wife speaking. There's a lot of people here. They want him back. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. My name is Jennifer. Good to meet you. I am Kilmer's wife. Hello. He is a father, a son, a brother, and a proud member of CASA and smart union member who has dedicated his himself to make our family's American dream reality. It would be it would be funny if she said he's a proud member of MS-13 and then she went, "Shit." She turned around and they go, "Keep going." She goes, "And he is a proud member of MS." Shh. No, no, no, no, no. Keep going. Keep going. He's not. They go, "He's not at MS-13." All right, let's let's listen to her. I don't know. I didn't know he was in all these unions and um they said she he was in Casa or Cava. He's in a Cava. My my my friend my cousin knew a girl named Demetri. They met in rehab in Delray Beach. She was in a Cava. Cava is like u it's like a a drug people get into. You know what cava is? I think it's like a type of drink. It's a drink, but people get really start getting whacked out on it and it's like it's a way to replace like opium. But that's not what she means. I think she said casa, which means house. Continue. That dream was shattered on March 12th when he was abducted and disappeared by the United States government in front of our 5-year-old child. Today is 34 days of after his disappearance and I stand before you filled with spirit that refuses to bring down. I will not stop fighting. That's not Hold on. That's not grammatically correct when she said spirit that refuses to bring down. I'm trying to think of another way she could have said that. I'm standing here with spirit that will not be I'm standing here with a spirit that is ferocious. And and you know what I mean? Continue. see my husband alive. Kilmar, if you can hear me, stay strong. God hasn't forgotten about you. Our childrens are asking when will you come home? And I pray for the day I tell them the time and date that you'll return. Hold on for a minute. I don't know. It's hard to know here what's going on. Is this a good guy or is this guy a problem? And I don't know. And this is going to be one of those things where they go, "Podcasters talk without the facts. You don't have the facts. Who are you to influence?" I said, "I don't know." Nine times. I said, "I don't know." And they're going to say that. They're going to go, "Well, you're talking about it." Yeah, everyone's talking about it. We're all talking about it. That doesn't mean I'm I'm not condemning this man. I really don't know. I feel for this woman, but this guy might have been a really bad guy that was in a gang and he might have told her that he wasn't. Or she might know he was and he might have been bringing in money doing that. or this is a complete case of like mistaken identity and they deported this guy without any due process and this is a guy that may have had some trouble but was for the most part a law-abiding citizen. That's not what the government is contending. Let's keep listening to uh his wife. Do you know her name? Jennifer Vasquez, I believe. Good job. Let's keep listening to Jennifer Vasquez and see. I don't know. We're We're looking for clues. I'm looking for clues. I'm looking at this big woman next to her two to the right, and I'm looking at her earring. She's got a chunky earring there, like a green earring. Now, this thing, Casa, she's a member of two. This CASA on the shirt. I don't know what this is, but I'm I'm paying attention to all of this. Keep going here. Let's see if there's any tells. Like story wars. If someone's lying, they have a tell. Let's see if there are any tells. She's looking down a lot, but I also think that's just because this is not her first language. So, in fairness, I think she's reading this. Go. As we continue through Holy Week, my heart Hold on, hold on, hold on. Holy Week, invoking Holy Week seems a little sus. There's something about saying as we go through Holy Week that makes me think that there's a lot of guns and drugs in her house, but I could be wrong. Again, don't come to me. Don't tell me I'm being irresponsible. I'm merely watching this as a citizen of our country trying to figure out what's going on. I thought the Holy Week thing a little odd. Continue. As we continue through Holy Week, my heart aches for my husband. Who should I had been here leading our Easter prayers? Instead, I find myself pleading with the Trump administration and the Boulli administration to stop playing political games with the life of Kilmer. Our family is torn apart during this scary time and our childrens miss their dad so much. Despite the challenges we continue to face with the US and the Salvadorian government still, I hope that the strength of faith and the resilience within us will keep us standing after all the punches we cons we continue to receive. A lot of violent language after all the punches we continue to receive. A lot of violent language. Kind of interesting. These are just notes I'm taking in my head. After all the times they try to slit our throat, they try to they try to they they try to kill us, you know, after all the times they try to pistol whip us, we still I'm like, wait a minute. Cuz I'm just wonder I'm trying to trying to ascertain what what's going on here. Keep keep going. And I could be I could listen, I'm not the judge in the jury. go. Our ability to fight back against these governments are testimonies to the spirit of fight and restraint that God has given us. We will continue standing strong and we will never give up on you, Kilmar. Okay, that's nice. Even though my heart is heavy, I find hope and strength in those around me. I felt an overwhelming support from our communities. Wait a minute. Hold on. Hold on. Community. Then she said our brothers. She's getting close maybe to revealing something here. We're all We're at the edge of our seat here. Be very careful here. Now, the woman in the back looks nervous. Look at the woman in the back. She looks a little nervous. She might be about to give away the game. Let's run it back a few seconds. Let's see. She's She's appealing now to her community and her brothers. What does that mean? Let's see. We don't know. Let's go support from our communities, our brothers and sisters from CASA, leaders and members from SMRT. Our faith in Ali communities who continue to stand with us. Yes. And I pray to MS3 that the same community strengthen has lifted me flows through those judges supporting her to bend the power towards justice. And even though Kilmore cannot earn, his friends have told me that I will get a percentage of the money that he was making on the street until he is back to make things right. I will be made whole again when he is back in the States. No, I don't know. Get it out of here. I don't know. And people are going to be angry with me. They're going to say I'm being insensitive. I just don't know. I don't I don't know. Let's watch Carolyn Lev. She's a little bit of a psychopath, but maybe she's got the goods. We don't know. She's a She's got the energy of um of a of a a a woman who would uh drown a cat. But let's She does while it was screaming like there. So, let's just see what Carolyn Levit here. Interesting. Woman has the energy of a woman who would uh put a cat's head under the water and while its body fought like all hell for a gasp of air, she would keep it under the water. Carolyn Levit, the White House. Basic fact that he was illegally inside our country and had a lawful deportation order made him subject to removal back to his home country of El Salvador. And if he ever ends up back in the United States, he would immediately be deported again. Nothing will change the fact that Obago Garcia will never be a Maryland father. He will never live in the United States of America again. And the United States Supreme Court ruled unanimously that the president of the United States and the Secretary of State could not be compelled to forcibly retrieve this citizen of El Salvador who is currently locked up in a maximum security prison in his home country. Yeah, I mean again I understand people being uncomfortable with this and I would say just like I criticize some of the deportations that are happening because of the campus protests. I think I have no problem with gang members being deported. I even think some people that came here that are lawful or good people but came here in the last four years, Biden let in 10 million people. Not all of them are going to be able to stay. We probably just can't assimilate all of them into this country at this point. That's something that's pretty wellnown. Most Americans want illegal immigration to stop and they also want people that, you know, maybe that have not lived here for many, many years lawfully, but people that are newly here to go. I don't know if this guy was arrested with drugs and cash on him. I mean, cash is not illegal, but drugs are illegal. Do we know what drugs he was arrested with? Do we know that? Do we have anything? Do we have anything on that? It's not like I have the power to do anything anyway. I wonder what he was arrested with. Maybe he wasn't arrested with drugs, but Homeland Security is claiming that when he was arrested, he was arrested with drugs. Right. That's what they're saying. He was found with rolls of cash and drugs. I'd like to know what drugs. Keep Keep Make this bigger. Make it bigger. On 328 2019 at approximately blank, detective blank of the Heightsville city police observed four individuals loitering in the park lot of a Home Depot at 330 to1 East West Highway in Hitzville, Maryland. As he approached the individuals, two of the individuals reached into their waistbands and discarded several unknown items under a parked vehicle. All of the four individuals are stopped by Hyetszville. Officer Blank immediately recognized Cresianne Hernandez Romero aka Bimbo as a member of the MS13 Sailor Click, which doesn't seem terrible, the Sailor's Click. Two small plastic bottles containing marijuana was located on scene. All four individuals are transported back to district for interviews. member of the Prince George's County gang. MS-13 intelligence squad have uncountered Christian Hernandez Romero on multiple occasions. He has extensive criminal history. Okay. And then there's this other guy, Dominguez. Officers also interviewed Joseé Glammo Dominguez. During the interview, officers observe tattoos of skulls covering their eyes. Da da da da da da. So, this guy's got some MS-13 tattoos. Officers then interviewed Kilar Armando Abrego Garcia. During the interview, officers, and Do we have anything more? During the interview, officers observed he was wearing the Chicago Bulls hat and a hoodie with the rolls of money, which we talked about. Officers know each clo that clothing to be indicative of Hispanic gang culture. That's a little loose to be honest. The meaning of the clothing is to represent something senovil senovil. Okay, so it's just clothing. The confidential source further advised that he is a member of MS-13. So, they had somebody who said he's an active member of MS-13. Um, but I don't think this guy was charged with a crime. I believe this is where you run into an issue. They were unable to charge him with a crime. He was hanging out with some MS-13 guys. They had drugs. They all looked sus. The cops went over there in the Home Depot parking lot. Found drugs, found cash. These guys had extensive criminal histories. This guy uh Garcia is with them. They interview him. He's dressed kind of in the way that a lot of gang members would dress, but he doesn't they don't charge him with a crime from what I'm seeing here. Um, the wife who was just on camera was the one who petitioned for the order of protection and she claimed that he attacked her physically but has now walked that back in the press and said that she was doing that as a precaution. Um, so this is as much as we really know here. This is the story is de is developing, but this is the story. This is what we got. So here's the thing. In a court petition, Vasquez describes multiple incidents over the course of several days in 2021. Well, this is peak pandemic and tempers are hot. They're flaring. They're actually really, really flaring. I was getting I was in a war with my roommate and she's a very talented comedian who wears a wig and we would argue because she would live stream in the tub. 2021 was a dark time. In one case, Vasquez wrote that ago Garcia got angry with her at a gas station, insulted her, and drove very fast. Okay, that one I don't care about, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That is not why you file a report. Okay. Days later, Vasquez alleges Abrago Garcia yelled at her to turn off her laptop. Understandable. And when she said she wasn't tired, she said he got angry and threw her laptop on the floor. It's destruction of property. She alleged she pushed him off her and then he punched her, scratching on my left eye, left me bleeding. Later that day, Abrego Garcia allegedly tore off Vasquez's shorts and shirt and grabbed me by the arm when she ran away, leaving a mark on her left arm. the following morning after he allegedly didn't give her a set of car keys. She called an Uber for her and the kids because she was quote scared of him and afraid to be close to him. I have multiple photos, videos of how violent he can be and all the bruises he has left me. This is what she wrote in the petition. The case, however, was dismissed in June 2021 after Vasquez failed to appear for final hearing. This happens all the time. If it is a legitimate case of abuse, a lot of women do not follow through with it. They're in love with a guy who is a bad dude. I'm just trying to get all this information. The summer is coming, guys. You want to be ready when she needs it. Get your first month of Bluetooth free. Great sex is a few clicks away. Sign up at bluech.com. Consult with one of their licensed medical providers. And once you're approved, you'll receive your prescription within days. Bluetooth tablets are made in the USA and prepared and shipped directly to your door. The best part, it's all done online. That means no visits to the doctor's office, no awkward conversations, and no waiting in line at the pharmacy. I'm telling you right now, make life easier by getting harder and discovered your options at Bluetooth.com. And we've got a special deal for our listeners. Try your first month of Bluetooth free when you use promo code TD. Just pay $5 shipping. That's promo code TD. Visit bluechw.com for more details and important safety information. I mean, it's so important right now to have Bluetooth. Made in the USA. Made in the USA. They're made in the USA. No tariff needed here. Visit bluetw.com for more details and important safety information. We thank Blu for sponsoring the podcast. I'm doing a bunch of fun comedy podcasts like Story Wars and Legionist Gangs, all that stuff. Rogan, but I'm also doing these news shows and I go to like Fox and all these channels and you know, cable news is in a weird position. I mean, they can barely get these kids are so sweet, the interns or who's ever working there. I mean, they can barely get the head the the earpiece in and the the mics don't work and the cameras barely work. And by the way, I did an hour with El Reeves at CNN, released that interview. It's a good interview and release the hour. Do not edit that. They said they were going to edit it. If you edit it and put a small chunk of it on your network, put the full hour. We spoke for about an hour, right? Maybe even longer. Release the full interview. It's a great interview. But I'll tell you right now, she told me a lot of people refuse to go on CNN. They're going to edit this. And the reason that a lot of people refuse to go on CNN is because they're going to edit my interview instead of releasing it in full online. I know it's a cable network. You can't put it all on cable, but I'm telling you right now, you should release the full interview on YouTube, on CNN.com. Let people make their own decisions. the full unedited interview from the moment I sit down in the chair until we say goodbye. That full interview should be out. If you release Now, my producer was not able to come in the CNN room because I thought I was going in there for 10 minutes like the rest of these where you go in, it's quick, you know, they go, "What about cancel culture?" And the woke left, the woke cancelling cancel culture. Wokedians can't say anything anymore. Why can't you? And then I go, "Yeah, I mean, it's, you know, I'm I'm just talking and you know, it's it's out there people. You know, what are you gonna I get it. This is the narrative. This is the thing. Whatever. It's fine. I did all in and I love those guys. We had a lot of fun. They're talking about Nvidia chips being backdoored through fake companies in Bhutan to China. That's what I'm into. I don't want to talk about cancel culture. I'm bored. I want to hear Chimath talk about chips in Bhutan. was a lot of fun. So, what I'm saying is CNN put out that interview that journ It's that journalist who interviews Nazis and incelss. That's the one they gave me. Remember her? What's her name? Ellie Reeves. El Reeves. Ellie Reeves. Who's this woman? El Reev. I like her. I thought we had a good conversation. This is that woman who interviews incelss in their basement and the Nazis. And this is who they gave to me. There she is. So I sat here for an hour with her. She's like, "Comedy's right-wing now." I'm like, "No, it's not." She goes, "Name a big left-wing comedian." I'm like, "Bill Burrow, John Melany, Chelsea Handler, Trevor." No, they're all arena acts. What are you talking about? Louis CK, my friend. What do you mean left? Like who's consistently been left of center forever? And they're all arena acts. As Ronnie Chang, I love both of them. I think they're great. And I just and not only because of the line, which I respect Assan for, but I also like the comedy. Um, so this woman's out there talking about that Hollywood's like comedy is rightwing. She's like, "Don't you think you're the new establishment?" I'm like, "Yes, it's 22 intelligence agencies, the entire permanent federal government, every legacy media institution in the Ivy League verse Theo." Yes, that's the new establishment. But she made some points and I made some points. Release it in full. And I respect if they do that. And if they don't, what was I saying now? Where was I before I got to this? So, I'm on these news channels waiting to go on. Cancel culture is being cancelled. What's going on? The woke the woke the woke mob. Did the woke mob tie you to a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tree and beat you with the sensitivity stick? And I'm like, well, a little um and I just want to hear Chamatha talk about the chips being backtored through Singapore companies to China. It's really interesting. I'm not saying that the people are wrong in the cable news, but you know, there's just a certain kind of fun like boomer angle. The woke libs are going to hate this special. Woke losers are going to hate it. lot of pronouns going out the door when this special it's just me talking about my mother and stuff but I listen I I grew up watching these networks I like to I like to listen literally one of them I was before I go on one of them all all the guy goes he goes and they're rape I swear to go he goes like this he goes and they're raping people next comedian Tim Dylan has a new special on Netflix that woke people are going to have a stroke about. Um, but so now as I go to these release it as we go to these release it have the courage to release the full interview. It'll do well. She's like there's a comedian in my neighborhood. I go I don't know anyone who lives in your neighborhood. Trust me. But I do think I know who she was talking about. The point is this. The point is this. As I'm sitting in the in these news things waiting to go on and promote the special I'm your mother on Netflix. They're talking about this case. This is the big case of the week. Um this guy that was sent to this prison and everybody's up in arms about it and people are very upset. So I'm trying to get like the facts and I'm trying to figure out what exactly happened. 2019 wasn't yesterday. So he was suspected in 2019. Maybe he was [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around in 2019 and he turns his life around. I don't know. I don't know what he was doing. I don't know. I'm I'm unaware you podcasters don't have any of the facts. Prize Picks is the best place to turn your sports knowledge into cash. With millions of members, Prize Picks has made daily fantasy sports accessible to all. You just pick more or less on at least two players for a shot to win up to 2,000 times your cash. Run your game all season long on prize picks. I mean, I love it. Cash in on the basketball playoffs with prize picks. Don't miss your last chance to add your favorite players from the court to your prize picks lineup. Whether it's points, rebounds, assists, take your pick of more or less for your shot to win up to 2,000 times your cash today. Turn your playoff hot takes into tickets to basketball's championship series. Starting with the playin round, every lineup you make on prize picks will enter you in the takes two ticket sweep stakes could which could get you and a plus one VIP trip to the ship. Prize picks is the best way to get action on sports in more than 30 states including California, Texas, and Georgia. Every Tuesday, prize picks will discount several projections on the board, usually by 15% to 25%. I love Taco Tuesday. Today is Flex Friday. Make sure you opt in and tap the check box in your lineup builder to be eligible for protected play. Choose squares from any game on the board. If your lineup does not win, you get your net losses back in promo funds up to your promo limit as soon as the lineup settles. How cool is that? Download the app today and use code TIM to get $50 instantly when you play your first $5 lineup. That's code TIM to get $50 instantly after you play your first $5 lineup. Prize picks, run your game. Prize picks, run your game. Prize picks, run your game. This is something the the Jeff Bezos space flight this is it has it itarkens back to the days of that Imagine where the celebrities are singing Imagine. I just wanna I w to send a public service announcement out to celebrities in general and more specifically the Democratic party if they ever want to win another election. And I'm not saying all these people are Democrats. I don't know what Katy Perry believes and neither does she. What I think we need to do stop everything is doesn't have to be like this really grotesque self congratulatory thing that everybody's doing where everyone if something's important we'll know if something matter matters will will know that when the Civil Rights Act passed, it was important and and it was known that it was important. Flying for 10 minutes out of out of Earth's orbit while Chris Jenner watches standing in the middle of the desert isn't important. If you have to tell us how important something you did is, it probably doesn't matter. And people don't want to hear it. So, if the Democratic Party ever wants to win another election, they just have to stop [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] with these people. You have to stop censoring these people who are out of touch, who are on another planet, literally. literally have left the planet. Literally, you cannot have these people as advocates. this blue origin space flight space tourism whether it's done by Elon Musk or Jeff Bezos's trillionaire wife or Katy Perry or or Gail King or any of these people no matter who does it it's ne as things on earth get worse space tourism is going to look terrible it's not going to look good that even for a few minutes that you are telling people. We can get out of here. We can leave the planet if we want to. You have to stay and deal with the sickness, the crime, the war, and the death. We get to blast off in a spaceship and then to land and tell people that this really mattered, that this was important, and that they should thank you. The attitude these people had when they landed in a spaceship was that people should thank them for some sacrifice they made. It was crazy. Here's Katie Perry talking about how space can affect change or what. This is just again I don't even care that they did it. I don't care. I'm not offended that you went to space. Jeff Bezos is a rich guy. This is rich guy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in 2025. His [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] is like, I want to go to space and I want to bring my friends into space. Life never changes that much from when you are in ninth grade and you get invited to a party and you're excited about it because you're going to a popular kid's house maybe has a big pool or they're a jock or people like them and you get excited. Life doesn't really change that much. You got this rich [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Bezos's wife, and she's got her huge tits blasting into space, and she's got her friends and she can call them and go, "Would you like to go on my spaceship?" And they do that. And that's all fine and good. That's all fine and good. Don't number one, get the cameras out. What are we doing? Get the cameras. How cool would it be to be Nobody knows how to do this, right? You should be on the spaceships secretly. We want to do We're gonna What a story. What a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] story. We went to space last week. This whole idea that you have to explain all the cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you do to people that can never even dream of doing it and then wonder why they all hate you is crazy. Just do it quietly. be like, "How is there anything cooler than just lying to your significant other and go, I'm taking a girls weekend and then showing the video and go, we were in [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] space." Let it leak out a year later. The gayest thing in the world, not gay, that's fine, but gay in the way of like annoying and like, you know, whatever, is to tell people what you did right after you did it and try to make it seem important. the coolest people in the world keep things kind of close to the vest. That's what celebrities used to do. Now they tell you everything they're doing. I think these celebrities think they can talk about everything uh that isn't illegal because a lot of them have done they've probably been party to so much illegal [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and these crazy parties before cell phones and God only knows what people were doing. Like they'd find some drifter and start barbecuing it in the back of some Hollywood Hills house. That they can't talk about. They can't talk about many of them on the Epstein list. But they really want to tell you about space as if you give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] You're supposed to be working your second shift at a supermarket and on your busted screen iPhone watch Katy Perry, this out of touch [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talk about the sacrifice and how important it was that she went up to space for 15 minutes. Nobody knows how to be cool anymore. It's one of the most disappointing things about our society. All these rich people and these celebrities have showed their ass. That's why they can't influence anything anymore. That's why nobody looks up to them. It's the death nail of celebrity culture because we've realized how much they suck. What? Play this, please. We can um see the unity um that we modeled and replicate that and understand that we weren't just taking up space, we were making space. Okay, stop it for a minute. All they did was sit in a thing. That's literally all these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did was sit in a a little pod and then float. They did nothing. They didn't do a goddamn thing. They didn't build the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rocket. They didn't like these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] got invited on a trip. You got invited to your friend's lakehouse and you had fun going tubing and eating s'mores. You don't go back to your other friends on the block and say they're like, "Yo, you got back from Bill's Lakehouse. Yeah, it was an important moment. We went tubing and ate s'mores. We stayed up till 3:00 a.m. And we realized that the unity that we built, it's like people be like, "Dude, you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] suck. What is wrong with you? They're trying to make you believe that these pointless rich adventures mean something to your shitty life." Continue for the future. And um for me, like Gail said, this wasn't a ride. It wasn't a destination. It was a ride. It was a journey and it was a supernatural one. It's a literal ride. It's legitimately a ride. You can't say it wasn't a ride. It's It was That was all it was. You didn't discover any What What are your findings, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] What did you discover? Do you have what are you you have anything to tell us about the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] ozone layer? It was literally a run. Get the video of them up floating these [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Look at this. I've seen it. I want to see it myself. Does this look scientific? [Music] And if that exploded right then and there. If that exploded. I mean, look at Katy Perry. I mean, look at Katie Perry. If that pod or that little module exploded right there, but we still got that video, it would be I mean, this is crazy. But again, you're just doing rich [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That's all you're doing. This is the problem with that Imagine video during co when they were all standing in like mansions going, "Imagine the people." And people are like, "Bitch, I live in a in a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] tiny apartment and you're standing in the back of your yard and you don't care about a quarantine and you don't care that you can't work and you don't care that your business got shut down cuz you're like walking around your yard picking fruit and singing," imagine, "But we're all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] here. These people should have just quietly done this." How cool. Because by the way, no one would hate you. You would have went to space. It would have been fun. And then no one would have hated you. Everyone hates you now. Everyone hates you. All you had to do was keep your mouth shut about a cool rich thing you did while the economy, by the way, the economy is crumbling. I mean, I don't I don't know how else to say it. These [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] are floating in outer space and trying to tell people that they did it for them. They like did it for the common good because I don't know. Did anyone by the way this isn't one of these things where like we're like women women have gone to space. Real space. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have been in space. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] have died in space. Real women astronauts have gone to space who've been to space. Wasn't a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] in a space station who just got back. She was stuck up there for months, months and months. This [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was in space six minutes or something, Katy Perry. And she's acting like she's the first slit to go to space. You are not the first slit in space. Slits have been going to space. I don't get it. It's the craziest thing in the world. There's been women have been in space. They've been in space. They've been stuck in space stations. And this this person is acting like it's a big [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] deal cuz she's famous. That's her whole thing. She's like, "No, no, no. You don't understand. I have a life worth losing." And I went, "That's her whole point here. No, no, no, no, no. did this because it was a little bit of a risk and I have a life that's it it would sucks if I die. If you people die, who cares? But if I die, I lose out on cool [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm loaded. I'm rich and I'm famous and and my life has value. So if so, it's crazy to me and and the reaction of this has just been now they're now they are hatish. She they'll always be hated for this. Does it are there any other quotes from these ladies before we before we move on? Anybody else speak? Wow. Gosh, that's good. Just Katie's face says it all right there. [Applause] It's an allwoman crew. Oh, was this the first time it was just all women? Is that what they're trying to say? It was the first allwoman crew of people that are not they're not astronauts. They know nothing about anything. And they were like, "By the way, could there be a word? Who went? Get up the names of the people who went." Okay, let's see who is there. Gail King, Aisha Bo, Kerianne Flynn. Are any of them astronauts? Who are they? Okay, hold on. The flights roster seems to have been assembled with an energy of American girl a girl doll collection. Pop star Katy Perry, journalist Gail King, aerospace engineer Aisha Bo. Okay, one person. Feminist activist Amanda Nan great. I'm sure they need her on other planets. Film producer and Lauren Sanchez. Kerianne Flynn, the film producer and Lauren Sanchez. So there was one person who deserved to be there and that was the aerospace aerospace engineer Aisha Bo. Everybody else is a guest and even she was a guest aerospace engineer. She's not an astronaut per se. So who cares? Nobody can do anything good. What if we started sending MS13 to space instead of to El Salvador? Like, just send them to space to show them what we can do. Just send them up there. What if it was those tattooed guys floating around like that instead of Katy Perry and Gail King? if it was just tattooed MS-13 gang members floating around in space. I don't know if this guy should have been deported or not. I don't know. Someone asked me if I wanted to go to that Al Salvador and prison and do interviews. They're like, "They'll allow me. I think they'll allow me to like go to the prison and do interviews. This is what I've been told. I'm not going to do it." I think that guy Bouquet maybe I don't know maybe he'll allow me to go down there and um do a show for them. Do a I've never done a show in a prison. It's something I've wanted to do. I could do a show for gang members that were deported from America who was sent to that prison and I could go down there and do a show. But a lot of them it's probably English is not their first language. So, we're going to run into that. You're going to run into that problem. Watch the new special I'm your mother on Netflix if you can. I appreciate it. Release the full interview CNN. Come on. Do the right thing. Do the right thing. Be the good. Show people that you are not editing people that you are not lying, that you believe in journalistic integrity. Put the interview out. I sat down for a good faith conversation that lasted an hour and you should have the decency to you can edit sound, you can edit some shots, whatever obviously, but the bulk of that interview, the entirety of our conversation, anything that was on camera should be released online. Otherwise, I don't think people are going to I mean, I'm going to keep talking about this fact. I'm going to tell everyone I know and maybe you go, "Oh, who cares who you know?" Well, maybe, but maybe not. I'm going to keep talking about the fact that no one should go on this network and and maybe that doesn't matter. Maybe you don't care, and that's fine. But I'll tell you right now, it's not the right thing to do to bring someone in and talk to them for an hour and then edit it down without I understand if you have to put 10 minutes on on on um TV, but you should put the entire thing on the internet. The entire thing should go on the internet. all your questions about Joe Rogan's comedy club, about comedy, about entertainment, about podcasts, about politicians doing podcasts. That hour that we discussed why podcasts are popular, all of the answers should be available on the internet for people to see. It would be terrible if people started tweeting at CNN to release the full interview. It would be horrible. I'd never want something like that to happen, but it might be interesting and it maybe should. That maybe should happen. And there's people that are going to watch the interview and not agree with certain things I've said. I think she made a few good points. I made a few good points. Put the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] interview out. It's not cool to do anything less than that. Well, um, I'll be back next week. We're doing Rogan tomorrow. I wasn't even going to do this one this week because I've been talking so much. I'm sick of myself. You're sick of me. I get it. Listen to the All-In podcast with some really fun guys. We had a great time. Listen to Tiger Belly with the great Bobby Lee. Joe Rogan Experience tomorrow. And uh, I get it. It's enough already of me. I've had enough of me. I hate promoting. I hate going all over the place. I'm gonna quiet up. I'm gonna quiet down in a week. Let's just again focus on humbling love on the spectrum. Let's humble love on the spectrum. Okay. Little.