If you are not in combat getting shot at, I do not want to hear about your military service. You joined the gym. Everyone in my generation was damaged irreparably by growing up with minivans. Most of your Disney World trip will be having to explain to your children why they are waiting on a line with mostly morbidly obese adults to go on the ride. I'm funnel cake dad. I want to talk about this Costco family before I get out of here because you know it's so interesting. This Costco family is taking the world by storm. No, we don't know anything. Oh god, please let me prepare myself before this starts just happening. Um, &gt;&gt; it's not plain. It's not played. No, it's by the way, everything that I thought like the country would turn into, it's somehow worse. And I like I'm like hyperbolic. Like I like you look at listen my old [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It's like it's like everything's dialed up to an 11 and we're at like a 13 in this country right now. So I don't even know what these people are or who they are, but they are kind of interesting and you can't stop watching them, but it is something's like crazy and wrong. And they're this family. They're like Costco influencers and the dad they got to meet like Gary Vee and the dad's like the dad goes I've been following Gary Vee for 10 years. The dad's clearly been trying to get famous forever. Okay. And and he goes, I've been following Gary Vee for 10 years and he's like really responsible for this. And I'm like don't even blame this on Gary Vee. Like there's no way that Gary Vee even cosigned this. Like if this guy went to Gary Vee and was like, "So I'm just gonna look at the camera go double CHUNK CHOCOLATE COOKIE." I think Gary Vee would even go, "Yeah, I don't know. Maybe you should do something else." I think Gary Vee would even go like, "Maybe that's not the way to do it." Double talk. Like there's no way that Gary Vee, for all his craziness, co-signed any of this. This is a complete accident here. Can you get one up where they dance? &gt;&gt; Uh, yeah. Give me a sec. &gt;&gt; Is YouTube or somebody gonna is are we going to get in trouble for playing the song Bring the Boom? &gt;&gt; Why is it good? Is it because we want death? Like we long for death in this like, you know what I mean? Like I'm like, why is this kind of entertaining? Is it like is it like we just want this civilization to crumble as quickly as possible? I think that's what it is. It's like the ultimate just like well it cuz I watch this I'm not nearly as disturbed by it as I should be. I just kind like you end up kind of just we BRING THE BOOM AND I go is it just a it's the By the way it's the darkest thing I have ever seen. There is nothing darker than this. No, I'm ser I'm serious. There is nothing darker than this. WE BRING THE BOOM AND HAVE to the cookies going like this. The fact that this is kind of entertaining signifies we are at the end. We are post any type of like we are postpartum, we are postmortem like we are done here. I watch this stuff and I'm watching them and I'm watching they do the we bring the boom and they're eating these cookies and these things and I'm like why? This doesn't shock me. It doesn't disturb me. It simply is a curiosity. But I think what it is and I think the reason for its popularity is we long now kind of openly for some type of nuclear holocaust or a natural dis like a major natural dis. Like there's nothing else that I can glean from the popularity of this other than people are fully subconsciously or consciously wishing for like a black hole to swallow up the universe. Can you please play more of this? &gt;&gt; YOUR FAVORITE FATHER AND SON &gt;&gt; EVERY ON this is why we fought THE IRAQ WAR. HOW THE WHOLE EARTH. &gt;&gt; GET THE WIZLER. I DON'T WANT GET THE RIZZLER, PLEASE. &gt;&gt; You know, the Rizzler's going to jail one day. Like, it's going to be they're going to be like social media star known as the Rizzler was apprehended after a fight with his girlfriend in the Cheesecake Factory. I can't understand any of this. There we go. Here he is. The Rizzler is the whole thing really. I mean, the other two are great, but the Rizzler is the thing &gt;&gt; or a DOUBLE CHUNK CHOCOLATE COOKIE. &gt;&gt; UM, I'M going to have to give the chicken bake, the boom, and the double chunk chocolate a d. &gt;&gt; You heard it from the wrestler. &gt;&gt; I never had one of these before. &gt;&gt; Now, let me just let Can I just ask you a question? What happens next in society? You know what I mean? Like like what exactly would be next here? What is act two to this? Like what does this like foretell you know? Like this is a it's just look at the face. Can you zoom in on the on the chunk chocolate cookie guy's face? What? This guy is going to kill them all Chris Benois style. THERE'S NO WAY HE doesn't kill this whole family. He's going to bring the boom. All right. All right. Get him out of here. I like them though. I do like them. I WHY DO I LIKE THEM? And you this other thing with schools where we've talked about it on the program. This California Senate approves ban on transgender notification policies in schools. I don't think it's good that teachers and students keep secrets from parents. I think that leads to a bad place. You know, can you imagine Tim Walls being like, "Listen, I know you want to chop your tits off, and I support that, but why don't you show them to me one time? Why don't you show them to me one time before you chop them off?" How great would it come out if Tim Walsh, he's just a folksy social studies teacher, and he just fathered a child with one of his students. just a folksy I respect. He gets my vote if he comes out and he goes, "We'll burn this country down. We'll burn it down. We burned it down once and we'll burn IT DOWN AGAIN." AND IF YOUR KID WANTS TO CHOP THEIR TITS OFF, I'M COMING TO THE HOUSE WITH A CLEAVER. I'm funnel cake dad. He's angry. HE'S ALWAYS ANGRY ABOUT I'M ANGRY, YOU BASTARDS. HE'S PISSED OFF BECAUSE him and his wife have NO [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] MONEY. I'M MAD. JD Vance, he didn't serve in THE NATIONAL GUARD LIKE I BY THE WAY, THE NATIONAL GUARD. Can we cut that out? THE NATIONAL GUARD. I think I'm in the National Guard. I mean, the National Guard is nothing. If you are not if you are not in combat getting shot at, I do not want to hear about your military service. You joined a gym. If you were in the National Guard and you did not see f or if you're JD Vance and you went to Iraq, you joined a gym or even worse you were a journalist. I do not want to hear about your military service. If you were not getting shot, I want you for me to take you seriously. If I ask you about your service, you have to look down because you've lost so many people. I've had friends that came home from the military and those friends tell me, they go, "Tim," and I swear to God they say this, they go, "I did all these tours in Iraq and the only way I can come now is even though I have a wife, I get on a bed and I put an ad on Craigslist and someone comes in and they [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me with a gun to my head and I put a bag over my head and then they leave and I never see them." And that's that's I can come without even touching my dick because that's how [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up they are. That's what I want to hear from a candidate who did a bunch of tours in the military. I don't want if you are not that level of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up. I don't believe you served. I don't believe you served. I had someone tell me that once. I go, I just take an ad out on Craigslist. I get on all fours on the bed. The guy comes in, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me in the ass. I have a bag over my head. He puts a gun to my head. Why are you laughing? THIS IS WHAT SOMEBODY SAID TO ME ONCE AT a lunch at Hillstone. And I and I went, "Oh." And he goes, "And then that person leaves and I don't know who it was and I don't know and I never see them again. And then I get tested for AIDS. If you are not at this is what I this is what I believe because when you are in war, things happen. It unlocks things. I would do great in war. GREAT. I WOULD DO. I JUST CAN'T be in the physicality of it because I think it's like seems tiring and stuff. But I would be great at just the kind of decision making uh you know just like they go we got to kill we got to burn that village. I go burn it baby. I would be able to give the soldiers speeches to keep them on message. You know people that are losing heart soldiers that are losing heart. They've killed too many kids and they need somebody to come in and boost the morale. You bring in Timmy. Timmy tells you what to do. I know you're all killing kids and it gets depressing, but we got a bigger message. Bluechu is a unique online service that delivers the same active ingredients as take all that money that we're funding Israel with and give it to Candace Owens so she can fight her lawsuit against Breijit Mcronone and Emanuel Mcronone. Andy, here's what I'm saying. Show the puss. Show the puss. Show the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] And I'm not trying to be a problem. And you know I never am. Show the puss. Show the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm not saying she was born a man. I don't know. There's a very easy way to to put this to bed. Number one, have Breijit Mcronone go on the Neelk podcast and have her show the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to what are their names? Kyle and Steiny. Have her show the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Take the out on the Neelk podcast. Breed Mcronone. Put your bush in Kyle from Neelk's face and let's get justice. How about justice? Even people starving in Gaza want to know this. Even the starving children in Gaza want to see where IS THE [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] LET'S PLAY A LITTLE BIT of Candace. You're responding to this uh uh lawsuit from uh Breijit and Emmanuel McCron. &gt;&gt; You were born a man and you will die a man. That's the point I'm making. So give us a &gt;&gt; By the way, I wish my father said that to me at like any point in my life. I wish I had that kind of support in my own household. You were born a man. You're a goddamn man. What? Um, we have Candace Owens here. She's being sued by Breijit Mcronone is the first lady of France. And Candace has said Breijit is a was born a gentleman. And now I have challenged Breijit to go on the Neelk boys podcast and show her and let's do this thing. End the war in Gaza. Show your Bush. Show your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to the Neelk boys. You're the you're the first lady of France. If you're afraid to show your to Steiny from Neelk, then you don't get to be the first lady of France. You You don't get to be it. Show your to Joe Rogan in his studio. FLY TO AUSTIN and open your spread your legs for Joe Rogan. Hey, Mom. That's weird, Mom. Well, it could it could definitely be worked on, Mom. It could It's It Well, it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] man. It could definitely be. Oh, 100%. It could absolutely have been altered. Yeah. Well, for sure. I saw her put Show your to Joe Rogan in Austin, Texas, and go see a show at the mothership. SHOW THE CLAN. JUST DO IT. END THE SPECULATION. SHOW THE GASH. This is politics. It's the news and this is what has to happen. We got to move on as a society from this war in Gaza and from this. Stop starving the children in Gaza. Show your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] to Joe Rogan. Go on. Kill Tony. I'm the president of France's WIFE. AND THEY SAY, "I GOT A [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] BUT I GOT A CLIT." BOOM. RED Band does a sound effect. Make the podcast rounds and show everyone your puss, please. The death of the minivan. It was a perfect vehicle. Uh, no, it was not. The minivan dilemma. It is the least cool vehicle ever designed, yet the most useful, offering the best value for the most. The minivan, by the way, destroyed uh everyone I know's life. The minivan immediately became like, this is why everyone in my generation did not have a clean house until they had to go to therapy for years. Their parents had this mobile garbage uh trash compactor called a minivan that we all were driven around in where when we were children, we would fling dunkaroos and Milano cookies and fun dip and we would throw them all over this car. And they had like those felt seats or whatever, you know, that uh that cushion seat and it was like a the weird velvet and it was always sticky with [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] It looked like that. by growing up with minivans, eating in them, fighting with your brothers and sisters and friends in them, having your parents. It was all part of going through a drive-thru, eating the food, throwing the food, and look at them. This is this is the way they looked. And that's why when my generation of people went to college, their dorms were disgusting. When they first got girlfriends, their girlfriends went, "What the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] How are you raised?" And they were raised in a minivan by boomers that turned it into a disgusting environment on wheels. The cars you grew up in are the reason you're an animal. They are. And if you didn't grow up in a minivan that's filthy, good for you. But if you did, you're an animal. The cars you grew up in, the cars that you sat in the back of, that was your example, okay, of what was tolerated and what was not tolerated. There were certain friends I had where the cars were immaculate. Most not, but some. But a lot of my close friends, because the classes, you know, don't really coingle. Most of my lower middle class dirt bag friends and their dirt bag families had minivans and no one took any pride in a a minivan was bought to be destroyed. You hated it. You hated the fact that you were in it. It was a roving garage of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and you would see them. You would all you would get in line at Wendy's and it would be minivan. My mother had an econo line Ford van. The minivan wasn't enough. She needed a big van that had a bed in the back because she would always go and get uh antiques. She would pick up furniture that people had left outside of their houses in the hopes that she was going to refurbish it. But the minivan, I couldn't think of a type of vehicle that did more damage to people than the minivan. Here's here's what the minivan did. It made everybody a fatty boomdaddy. Number one, you don't need that much space. You don't you don't you don't need that much space. The minivan was so that you could go and shop and buy crap, put it in the car. You could go eat and put leftovers in a car. Your kids could play with toys in the car. And everything that should have been reserved for a location that didn't move and wasn't in traffic would be happening in the car. You could eat in the car. Everybody, here's your food. Everybody eating the car. Everyone's covered in ketchup. Great. Here's some napkins. There's ketchup all over the thing. It's sticky. It's filthy. It was the worst car and it made the worst people. It did. Anyone that grew up in a minivan knows exactly what I'm talking about. My grandparents never had a minivan. My grandfather had a uh he had a Crown Vic. He had a Cadillac Elorado. He had a Crown Vic. Nobody ate in the car. You did not eat in the car. You were not allowed. As soon as the minivans came around, not only were you allowed to eat in the car, it was actually required. That's why we GOT IT. WE GOT IT so you could eat your fat stuff your fat FACE IN THE CAR CUZ WE'RE ANIMALS. And we got to eat on the way to practice for this thing. We got to eat on the way to karate. and you can't fit in the belt that you're not going toinging get upgraded to anyway. You would you would eat on the way to thing. They would pick you up at school in the minivan. You would go you would eat and then they would take you to wherever and then they would uh you know drop you off then pick you up. Eating eating eating always dirty filthy toys in the minivan. Play with these toys. Play around. It was a disgusting. The minivan arrived way back when as a savior when Chrysler under the former Ford chief Leia Kok's direction first conceived of the design in the late 1970s. One was the land yacht style station wagon perhaps avocado green with faux wood paneling. Lots of kids could pile into the bench and jump seats while the rear storage accessible by hatch allowed for easy loading. These cars were somewhat functional but they didn't seem that safe. The Suburban family's other choice was the full-size van, a big boxy transporter utility vehicle. Chrysler's minivan would steer clear of those two dead ends and carry American families onto the open roads towards well youth soccer and mall commerce. It really did bring innovation. Ample seating organized in rows with easy access with the ability to stow those seats in favor of a large cargo bay with a set of sliding doors. So everybody loved these things. Sales reached 700,000 by the end of the decade as the station wagon all but disappeared and the minivan came in. People lived in their cars. They ate in their cars. The nation where cars stood in for power and freedom. The minivan would mean the opposite. As a vehicle, it symbolized the burdens of domestic life. This is true. It's why you could treat it like That's why the minivan you could treat like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] because it was a utility vehicle. It was a vehicle to go literally from point A to point B. You weren't going to stop at the grocery store and get food and go home and cook You were going to drive through a mobile poison factory and kill your children on the way to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dropping them off at dance class so your fat daughter could learn how to do a piouette. No car represented the decline of this empire more than the minivan. None. And no car was beloved more uh by the boomer than the minivan because they needed space. Boomers needed space. There it is. The Chrysler Town and Country. Show that one. That was the high-end one. Go to the Chrysler Town and Country Town and Country Chrysler. That's kind of nice. My aunt had that. This is the old one. That's the old Chrysler. Town and Country. People would pick you up with that. They would pick you up at school and they would sit you in that and then they woulding douse you in maple syrup and then bring you to a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] soccer game. It is crazy. If you're driving one of those now it's like god. So what are they being replaced by? Fentanyl SUVs, right? I mean what's what's replacing the minivans? Suicide. People just checking out Disneyland reporting fewer uh operating uh operating profit in Q3 citing inflation and demands for park as moderate. People are not going to Disney World as much. I'm very proud of my country even though many of them are watching the Olympics. I'm very proud of my country that they are starting to see how disgusting Disney World is, how repulsive it is. It is terrible to bring your children to. And this is not because they have gay day or whatever that some of you queueing on lunatics. It's because it is benile. It is boring. Disney movies have sucked now for many many years. Uh they're no longer interesting. They don't have villains. The the reason the Disney movies suck now is they don't have villains. They don't have Maleficent. They don't have Ursula. They don't teach anybody anything about the world. They don't teach children about the world anymore. Uh they are strange and they're odd and they are not worth anybody's time. And Disney World is old and it's getting decrepit and many of the people that are visiting Disney World are mentally unstable adults. And now because we have dstigmatized that and we have allowed mentally unstable adults to fill the parks, most of your Disney World trip will be having to obese adults to go on the ride. Why are all the people on the RIDE BIG AND FAT? MOMMY, because that's who comes here now. Morbidly obese adults on multiple medications. That's who attends the park. WHY IS THE WHY IS IT such a long wait? Well, because adults come here now, and it's okay. Disney is ca and I'm not even [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] on my gals, my plus-sized park hoppers. We love you. We love you ladies. But most people are realizing that Disney World is just not worth it. You take your kids once. It is stressful out there. You know, I'm doing a renovation right now and it is incredibly trying. I am at a breaking point. I am at a breaking point with Cedar and all of these running, you know, I was on a plane coming back to Los Angeles. all of these shows, these uh these shows about, you know, Flip This House and uh Flip or Flop with the Tar El Musa, whatever. They're all fake. And all of these shows give you this idea that you could just flip a house. &gt;&gt; You could go in there and, you know, switch out a few things and get everything done on the cheap, turn it around and flip it. it right now. The cost of anything, if someone comes into your home now and you just say, "Hey, I I have a gaping hole in my wall. Can you fix it?" By the after 3 minutes of talking to them, you go, "We'll live with it. We're going to live with it." If there are wild animals coming at night into your home to kill your children and all you need is is a wall patched. After 3 to five minutes of speaking to somebody right now, you just go, "Fuck it. You know what? It's not that bad. We'll live with it. It's a nice breeze." because the amount of money that it costs to get anything done, the materials, you know, yes, sure, these are luxury problems, but that's they're still problems. And they're not always luxury problems. Some people the people are having babies and they need bigger houses because now because of Roie Wade, they have to have them. So, they have to put on extensions and it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nuts out there.